SCHEME INFORMATION DOCUMENT
SECTION I
Angel One Nifty 1D Rate Liquid ETF - Growth
(An open-ended scheme replicating/tracking Nifty 1D Rate Index. A relatively low interest rate risk
and relatively low credit risk.)
(Scrip code for NSE will be added after listing of the units)
Scheme Code – AOMF/O/O/DET/25/02/0003
The face value of the Units is Rs. 1,000/- per unit.
The product labelling assigned during the NFO as above is based on internal assessment of the
scheme characteristics or model portfolio and the same may vary post NFO when the actual
investments are made.
Potential Risk Class (PRC) Matrix
Potential Risk Class (PRC)
Credit Risk
Relatively Low Moderate Relatively High
Interest Rate Risk (Class A) (Class B) (Class C)
Relatively Low (Class I) A-I
Moderate (Class II)
Relatively High (Class III)
Offer for Units of Rs. 1,000/- each as on the date of allotment for applications received during the
New Fund Offer (“NFO”) period and at Intra-Day NAV based prices during the Ongoing Offer for
applications directly received at AMC.
New Fund Offer opens on: March 20, 2025
New Fund Offer closes on: March 24, 2025
Scheme re-opens on or before : April 08, 2025
Name of the Mutual Fund : Angel One Mutual Fund
Name of the Asset : Angel One Asset Management Company Limited
Management Company CIN:U66301MH2023PLC402297
Name of the Trustee Company : Angel One Trustee Limited
CIN : U64300MH2023PLC403520
Address of the above entities : G-1, Ground Floor, Ackruti Trade Centre, Road No. 7,
Kondivita, MIDC, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400 093
Website : www.angelonemf.com
Page 1 of 54
The particulars of the Scheme have been prepared in accordance with the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Mutual Funds) Regulations 1996, (herein after referred to as SEBI (MF)
Regulations) as amended till date and circulars issued thereunder filed with SEBI, along with
a Due Diligence Certificate from the AMC. The units being offered for public Subscription
have not been approved or recommended by SEBI nor has SEBI certified the accuracy or adequacy
of the Scheme Information Document.
The Scheme Information Document sets forth concisely the information about the Scheme that a
prospective investor ought to know before investing. Before investing, Investors should also
ascertain about any further changes to this Scheme Information Document after the date of this
Document from the Mutual Fund / Investor Service Centres / Website / Distributors or Brokers.
The Investors are advised to refer to the Statement of Additional Information (SAI) for details
of Angel One Mutual Fund, Standard Risk Factors, Special Considerations, Tax and Legal issues and
general information on www.angelonemf.com
SAI is incorporated by reference (is legally a part of the Scheme Information Document). For
a free copy of the current SAI, please contact your nearest Investor Service Centre or log
on to our website.
The Scheme Information Document (Section I and II) should be read in conjunction with the
SAI and not in isolation.
This Scheme Information Document is dated March 13, 2025.
Disclaimer of NSE Indices Ltd. : Angel One Nifty 1D Rate Liquid ETF - Growth (“the Product”) is not
sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by NSE INDICES LTD. NSE INDICES LTD does not make any
representation or warranty, express or implied, to the owners of the Product or any member of the
public regarding the advisability of investing in securities generally or in the Product particularly or
the ability of the Nifty 1D Rate Index (“Index”) to track general stock market performance in India.
The relationship of NSE INDICES LTD to Angel One Asset Management Company Limited
(“Licensee”) is only in respect of the licensing of certain trademarks and trade names of its Index
which is determined, composed and calculated by NSE INDICES LTD without regard to the Licensee
or the Product. NSE INDICES LTD does not have any obligation to take the needs of the Licensee or
the owners of the Product into consideration in determining, composing or calculating the Index.
NSE INDICES LTD is not responsible for or has participated in the determination of the timing of,
prices at, or quantities of the Product to be issued or in the determination or calculation of the
equation by which the Product is to be converted into cash. NSE INDICES LTD has no obligation or
liability in connection with the administration, marketing or trading of the Product. NSE INDICES
LTD does not guarantee the accuracy and/or the completeness of the Index or any data included
therein and they shall have no liability for any errors, omissions, or interruptions therein. NSE
INDICES LTD does not make any warranty, express or implied, as to results to be obtained by the
Licensee, owners of the Product, or any other person or entity from the use of the Index or any data
included therein. NSE INDICES LTD makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaim
all warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to the Index
or any data included therein. Without limiting any of the foregoing, NSE INDICES LTD expressly
disclaim any and all liability for any damages or losses arising out of or related to the Product,
including any and all direct, special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages (including lost
profits), even if notified of the possibility of such damages. An Investor, by subscribing or purchasing
an interest in the Product(s), will be regarded as having acknowledged, understood and accepted
the disclaimer referred to in clauses above and will be bound by it.
Page 2 of 54
Disclaimer of National Stock Exchange : As required, a copy of this Scheme Information Document
has been submitted to National Stock Exchange of India Limited (hereinafter referred to as NSE). NSE
has given vide its letter NSE/LIST/5785 dated February 12, 2025, permission to the Mutual Fund to
use the Exchange's name in this Scheme Information Document as one of the stock exchanges on
which the Mutual Fund's units are proposed to be listed subject to, the Mutual Fund fulfilling various
criteria for listing. The Exchange has scrutinized this Scheme Information Document for its limited
internal purpose of deciding on the matter of granting the aforesaid permission to the Mutual Fund.
It is to be distinctly understood that the aforesaid permission given by NSE should not in any way be
deemed or construed that the Scheme Information Document has been cleared or approved by NSE;
nor does it in any manner warrant, certify or endorse the correctness or completeness of any of the
contents of this Scheme Information Document; nor does it warrant that the Mutual Fund's units will
be listed or will continue to be listed on the Exchange; nor does it take any responsibility for the
financial or other soundness of the Mutual Fund, its sponsors, its management or any scheme of the
Mutual Fund.
Every person who desires to apply for or otherwise acquire any units of the Mutual Fund may do so
pursuant to independent inquiry, investigation and analysis and shall not have any claim against the
Exchange whatsoever by reason of any loss which may be suffered by such person consequent to or
in connection with such subscription /acquisition whether by reason of anything stated or omitted to
be stated herein or any other reason whatsoever.
Page 3 of 54
INDEX
Sr. No. Particulars Page no.
I HIGHLIGHTS/SUMMARY OF THE SCHEME 5
DUE DILIGENCE BY THE ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY 10
II INFORMATION ABOUT THE SCHEME 11
A HOW WILL THE SCHEME ALLOCATE ITS ASSETS? 11
B WHERE WILL THE SCHEME INVEST? 13
C WHAT ARE THE INVESTMENT STRATEGIES? 13
D HOW WILL THE SCHEME BENCHMARK ITS PERFORMANCE? 14
E WHO MANAGES THE SCHEME? 14
F HOW IS THE SCHEME DIFFERENT FROM EXISTING SCHEMES OF THE 15
MUTUAL FUND?
G HOW HAS THE SCHEME PERFORMED? 15
H ADDITIONAL SCHEME RELATED DISCLOSURES 15
III OTHER DETAILS 17
A COMPUTATION OF NAV 17
B NEW FUND OFFER (NFO) EXPENSES 18
C ANNUAL SCHEME RECURRING EXPENSES 18
D LOAD STRUCTURE 20
II SECTION II 21
I INTRODUCTION 21
A DEFINITIONS/INTERPRETATION 21
B RISK FACTORS (SCHEME SPECIFIC RISK FACTORS) 21
C RISK MANAGEMENT STRATEGIES 24
II INFORMATION ABOUT THE SCHEME 25
A WHERE WILL THE SCHEME INVEST ? 25
B WHAT ARE THE INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS? 26
C FUNDAMENTAL ATTRIBUTES 27
D INDEX METHODOLOGY 28
E OTHER SCHEME SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES 29
III OTHER DETAILS 41
A PERIODIC DISCLOSURES SUCH AS HALF YEARLY DISCLOSURES, HALF 41
YEARLY RESULTS, ANNUAL REPORT MONTHLY / HALF YEARLY
PORTFOLIO DISCLOSURES
B TRANSPARENCY/NAV DISCLOSURE 43
C TRANSACTION CHARGES AND STAMP DUTY 43
D ASSOCIATE TRANSACTIONS 43
E TAXATION 43
F RIGHTS OF UNITHOLDERS 45
G LIST OF OFFICIAL POINTS OF ACCEPTANCE 45
H PENALTIES, PENDING LITIGATION OR PROCEEDINGS, FINDINGS OF 45
INSPECTIONS OR INVESTIGATIONS FOR WHICH ACTION MAY HAVE
BEEN TAKEN OR IS IN THE PROCESS OF BEING TAKEN BY ANY
REGULATORY AUTHORITY
Page 4 of 54
PART I. HIGHLIGHTS/SUMMARY OF THE SCHEME
Sr. Title Description
No.
I. Name of the scheme Angel One Nifty 1D Rate Liquid ETF - Growth
II. Category of the Others - Exchange Traded Fund (ETF)
Scheme
III. Scheme type An open-ended Exchange Traded Fund replicating/tracking Nifty 1D
Rate Index. A relatively low interest rate risk and relatively low credit
risk.
IV. Scheme code AOMF/O/O/DET/25/02/0003
V. Investment objective The investment objective of the Scheme is to seek to provide current
income, commensurate with low risk while providing a high level of
liquidity through a portfolio of Tri-Party Repo on Government
Securities or T-bills / Repo & Reverse Repo. The Scheme will provide
returns before expenses, that track the total returns of Nifty 1D Rate
Index, subject to tracking errors. However, there is no guarantee or
assurance that the investment objective of the Scheme would be
achieved.
VI. Liquidity/listing Liquidity
details The Units of the Scheme can be bought / sold like any other stock on
the National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) or directly buy/sell
Units with the Fund in Creation Unit size. Additionally, in case of large
investors, the execution value for direct Subscription / Redemption
with the Fund shall be greater than Rs. 25 crores (except for Schemes
managed by Employee Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO), India
and Recognized Provident Funds, Approved Gratuity Funds and
Approved Superannuation Funds under Income Tax Act, 1961, till
August 31, 2025 or as specified in the Regulations time to time).
The AMC shall appoint at least two Market Makers (MMs), who are
members of the Stock Exchanges, for ETFs to provide continuous
liquidity on the Stock Exchange platform by providing two-way
quotes in the units of the Scheme during trading hours.
Unit holdings in less than the Creation Unit Size can normally only be
sold through the secondary market, except in situations mentioned
below in the SID.
Listing
As the Units of the Scheme will be listed on NSE, an investor can buy/
sell Units on continuous basis on the capital market segment of NSE
during trading hours like any other publicly traded stock at prices
which may be close to the indicative NAV of the Scheme. There is no
minimum investment, although Units are Purchased/ sold in round
lots of 1 Unit.
Page 5 of 54
Sr. Title Description
No.
VII. Benchmark Nifty 1D Rate Index
The composition of the benchmark is such that it is most suited for
comparing performance of the Scheme.
VIII. NAV disclosure The AMC will calculate and disclose the first NAV within 5 Business
Days from the date of allotment. Subsequently, the NAV will be
calculated and disclosed at the close of every Business Day.
NAVs will be determined for every Business Day except in special
circumstances and will be calculated upto four decimal places.
NAVs of the Scheme shall be made available on the website of AMFI
(www.amfiindia.com) and the Mutual Fund (www.angelonemf.com)
by 11.00 p.m. on all Business Days. The NAVs shall also be available on
the call free number 1800-209-0231 and on the website of the
Registrar CAMS (www.camsonline.com).
Please refer to Part II (Information about the Scheme) – III (Other
Details) – B (Transparency / NAV Disclosure) for further details.
IX. Applicable timelines Dispatch of Redemption proceeds: The Fund shall dispatch the
Redemption proceeds within 3 (three) Business Days from the date of
acceptance of valid Redemption request at any of the Official Points
of Acceptance of transactions.
Further, Investors may note that in case of exceptional scenarios as
prescribed by AMFI vide its communication no. AMFI/ 35P/ MEM-
COR/ 74 / 2022-23 dated January 16, 2023 read with clause 14.2 of SEBI
Master Circular dated June 27, 2024, the AMC may follow the
additional timelines as prescribed. In case the Redemption proceeds
are not made within 3 Business Days from the date of Redemption or
Repurchase, interest will be paid @15% per annum or such other rate
from the 4th day onwards, as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to
time. Please refer to the SAI for details on exceptional scenarios.
X. Plans and Options There are no plans under the Scheme. The Scheme will offer only
growth option.
Plans/Options and
sub options under the The AMC and the Trustee reserve the right to introduce such other
Scheme plans/options as they deem necessary or desirable from time to time,
in accordance with the SEBI MF Regulations.
XI Load Structure Entry Load : Not Applicable
Exit Load : Nil
The Trustee shall have the right to modify the Exit Load structure with
prospective effect subject to a maximum prescribed under the SEBI
MF Regulations.
Page 6 of 54
Sr. Title Description
No.
XII. Minimum Application During New Fund Offer :
Amount (including Rs.1,000/- and in multiples of Re.1/- thereafter.
switch-ins during on-
going offer) During on-going offer :
Directly with the Fund
The facility of creating units in Creation Unit Size is available to the
Authorised Participants/ Market Makers (whose names will be
available on our website www.angelonemf.com) and Large Investors.
However, in case of Large Investors, the execution value shall be
greater than Rs. 25 crores or such other amount as may be specified
by SEBI from time to time (except for schemes managed by Employee
Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO), India and Recognized Provident
Funds, Approved Gratuity Funds and Approved Superannuation Funds
under Income Tax Act, 1961, till August 31, 2025 or as specified in the
Regulations from time to time). The limit of Rs. 25 crores shall not be
applicable to Market Makers.
Minimum number of Units (Creation Units) – 500 units & in multiples
of 1 unit thereafter.
On the Exchange
The minimum number of Units that can be bought by the Investors on
the Exchange is 1 (one) Unit and in multiples thereafter.
XIII Minimum Additional Not Applicable.
Purchase Amount
(including switch-ins
during on-going
offer)
XIV Minimum Directly with Fund
Redemption / switch The facility of redeeming units in Creation Unit Size is available to the
out amount Authorised Participants/ Market Makers (whose names will be
available on our website www.angelonemf.com) and Large Investors.
However, in case of Large Investors, the execution value for direct
Redemption with the Fund shall be greater than Rs. 25 crores or such
other amount as may be specified by SEBI from time to time (except
for schemes managed by Employee Provident Fund Organisation
(EPFO), India and Recognized Provident Funds, Approved Gratuity
Funds and Approved Superannuation Funds under Income Tax Act,
1961, till August 31, 2025 or as specified in the Regulations from time
to time). The limit of Rs. 25 crores shall not be applicable to Market
Makers.
Investors can directly approach the AMC for Redemption of units of
the Scheme, for transaction up to Rs. 25 crores (or such other amount
as may be specified by SEBI from time to time) without any Exit Load,
in case of the following scenarios:
Page 7 of 54
Sr. Title Description
No.
(i) Traded price (closing price) of the ETF units is at discount of more
than 1% to the day end NAV for 7 continuous trading days, or
(ii) No quotes for such ETFs are available on Stock Exchange(s) for 3
consecutive trading days, or
(iii) Total bid size on the Stock Exchange is less than half of Creation
Unit Size daily, averaged over a period of 7 consecutive trading
days.
In case of the above scenarios, applications received from Investors
for Redemption up to 3.00 p.m. on any trading day, shall be processed
by the AMC at the closing NAV of the day of receipt of application
within the above cut-off time. Such instances shall be tracked by the
AMC on an ongoing basis and in case any of the above mentioned
scenario arises, the same shall be disclosed on the website of the
Mutual Fund (viz. www.angelonemf.com).
On the Exchange
The Units of the Scheme can be sold in round lot of 1 Unit and
multiples thereafter.
XV New Fund Offer NFO opens on : March 20, 2025
Period NFO closes on : March 24, 2025
This is the period
during which a new Minimum duration of the NFO will be 3 working days and will not be
scheme sells its units kept open for more than 15 days. Any changes in the NFO dates will
to its Investors. be announced through an addendum uploaded on the AMC website
(www.angelonemf.com).
XVI New Fund Offer Price Rs. 1,000/- per unit.
This is the price per
unit that the Investors
have to pay to invest
during the NFO.
XVII Segregated portfolio The AMC may create a segregated portfolio of debt and Money
/ side pocketing Market Instruments in the Scheme in case of a credit event/actual
disclosure default and to deal with liquidity risk.
In this regard, the term ‘segregated portfolio’ shall mean a portfolio
comprising of debt or Money Market Instrument affected by a credit
event / actual default that has been segregated in a mutual fund
scheme and the term ‘main portfolio’ shall mean the scheme
portfolio excluding the segregated portfolio. The term ‘total portfolio’
shall mean the scheme portfolio including the securities affected by
the credit event / actual default.
For more details, kindly refer to SAI.
XVIII Swing pricing Not Applicable
disclosure
XIX Stock Lending The Scheme does not intend to undertake /engage in stock lending of
Securities.
Page 8 of 54
Sr. Title Description
No.
XX How to apply and Please refer to the SAI for detailed process (physical and online) with
where can respect to NFO, additional/ongoing purchase, investments by NRIs
applications for (Non-Resident Indians), FPIs (Foreign Portfolio Investors) and Foreign
Subscription / Investors, Joint Applications etc. Investors can also read further
Redemption be details in the application form available on the AMC website
submitted (www.angelonemf.com).
During the New Fund Offer (“NFO”) period, the applications for
Subscription/Redemption/switches can be submitted at the
designated Official Points of Acceptance of the AMC and CAMS.
Pursuant to paragraph 14.8 of the SEBI Master Circular dated June 27,
2024, an Investor can also subscribe to the NFO through ASBA facility.
For further details, refer to the SAI.
On an on-going basis, the facility of subscribing and redeeming units
in Creation Unit Size is available to the Authorised Participants/
Market Makers and Large Investors.
XXI Investor Services Contact details for general service requests and for compliant
resolution:
E-mail : support@angelonemf.com
Toll-Free : 1800-209-0231
Details of Investor Relation Officer :
Name : Mr. Murali Ramasubramanian
Address and Contact Number : Angel One Asset Management
Company Limited, G-1, Ground floor, Ackruti Trade Centre, Road No.
7, Kondivita, MIDC, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400 093.
Tel. No. : +91-22-6977 7777
XXII Specific attribute of Not applicable
the Scheme
XXIII Special products The Scheme does not offer any special products or special facilities.
/facilities available
during the NFO and
on ongoing basis
XIV Weblink This is a new scheme and the TER details shall be available from the
first NAV date at the following link :
Link for last 6 months and Daily TER : www.angelonemf.com/daily-
ter
Link for Scheme factsheet: www.angelonemf.com/downloads
Page 9 of 54
DUE DILIGENCE BY THE ASSET MANAGEMENT COMPANY
It is confirmed that:
(i) The Scheme Information Document submitted to SEBI is in accordance with the SEBI (Mutual Funds)
Regulations, 1996 and the guidelines and directives issued by SEBI from time to time.
(ii) All legal requirements connected with the launching of the Scheme as also the guidelines,
instructions, etc., issued by the Government and any other competent authority in this behalf, have
been duly complied with.
(iii) The disclosures made in the Scheme Information Document are true, fair and adequate to enable
the investors to make a well informed decision regarding investment in the Scheme.
(iv) The intermediaries named in the Scheme Information Document and Statement of Additional
Information are registered with SEBI and their registration is valid, as on date.
(v) The contents of the Scheme Information Document including figures, data, yields etc. have been
checked and are factually correct.
(vi) A confirmation that the AMC has complied with the compliance checklist applicable for Scheme
Information Documents and other than cited deviations/that there are no deviations from the SEBI
MF Regulations.
(vii) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Scheme Information Document, the provisions of the
SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996 and the guidelines thereunder shall be applicable.
(viii) The Trustee has ensured that Angel One Nifty 1D Rate Liquid ETF – Growth approved by them is a
new product offered by Angel One Mutual Fund and is not a minor modification of any existing
scheme/fund/product.
Date : February 28, 2025 Name : Ferhana Mansoor
Place : Mumbai Designation : Chief Compliance Officer & Company
Secretary
Page 10 of 54
PART II. INFORMATION ABOUT THE SCHEME
A. HOW WILL THE SCHEME ALLOCATE ITS ASSETS?
Under normal circumstances, the asset allocation under the Scheme will be as follows:
Indicative asset allocation
Instruments (% of total assets)
Minimum Maximum
Tri-Party Repo on Government Securities or T- 95 100
bills/Repo & Reverse Repo
Cash & Cash Equivalents and Money Market
instruments (having residual maturity not
0 5
exceeding 91 days)
Cash Equivalents include Government Securities, T-Bills and Repo on Government Securities having
residual maturity of less than 91 days.
The Scheme may invest upto 5% net assets in money market / liquid schemes without charging any fees,
provided that aggregate inter-scheme investment made by all schemes under the management of the
AMC or in schemes under the management of any other asset management company shall not exceed 5%
of the NAV of the Mutual Fund in accordance with Clause 4 of Seventh Schedule of SEBI MF Regulations.
The margin may be placed in the form of such securities / instruments / deposits as may be
permitted/eligible to be placed as margin from the assets of the Scheme.
The Fund Manager would monitor the Tracking Error and Tracking Difference of the Scheme on an ongoing
basis and would seek to minimize the same to the extent possible. Under normal circumstances, the AMC
shall endeavor that the Tracking Difference of the Scheme does not exceed 1.25% per annum. There can
be no assurance or guarantee that the Scheme will achieve any particular level of Tracking Error or
Tracking Difference relative to performance of the Underlying Index.
The cumulative gross exposure through TREPS, Money Market Instruments and such other securities /
assets as may be permitted by SEBI from time to time shall not exceed 100% of the net assets of the
Scheme, as per paragraph 12.24 of SEBI Master Circular dated June 27, 2024.
As per paragraph 12.25 of SEBI Master Circular dated June 27, 2024, cash and Cash Equivalents having
residual maturity of less than 91 days are not considered for the purpose of calculating gross exposure
limit. SEBI has vide its letter dated November 03, 2021 clarified that Cash Equivalents shall consist of
Government Securities, T-Bills and Repo on Government Securities.
As per SEBI circular no. SEBI/HO/IMD/DF2/CIR/P/2019/101 dated September 20, 2019, liquid funds and
overnight funds shall not park funds pending deployment in short term deposits of scheduled commercial
banks.
Indicative Table (Actual instrument/percentages may vary subject to applicable SEBI circulars)
Page 11 of 54
Sr. Type of Instrument Percentage of Circular reference
No exposure
1. Money market or liquid schemes of own Upto 5% of the net Clause 4 of the Seventh
or other mutual funds assets of the Scheme Schedule to the SEBI MF
Regulations
The Scheme will not invest / have exposure in the following instruments :
Sr. Particulars
No.
1 Securitised Debt
2 Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) or Infrastructure Investment Trusts (InvITs)
3 Fund of Fund schemes
4 Credit Default Swaps
5 Debt Instruments with special features (AT1 and AT2 Bonds)
6 Debt Instruments with Structured Obligations / Credit Enhancements
7 Short selling of securities
8 Repo / Reverse Repo in corporate debt securities
9 Foreign Securities
10 Unrated instruments (except TREPS/ Government Securities/ T- Bills / Repo and Reverse Repo
in Government Securities)
11 Derivatives
12 Securities lending and borrowing
Portfolio Concentration Norms
In accordance with paragraph 3.5.4 of the SEBI Master Circular dated June 27, 2024, the Scheme shall be
considered to be replicating the index if the duration of the portfolio of the Scheme replicates the duration of
the Underlying Index within a maximum permissible deviation of +/- 10%.
Page 12 of 54
Change in Investment Pattern
Portfolio rebalancing due to short term defensive consideration
Any alteration in the investment pattern will be for a short term on defensive considerations as per
paragraph 1.14.1.2.b of the SEBI Master Circular dated June 27, 2024, the intention being at all times to
protect the interests of the Unit holders and the Scheme shall rebalance the portfolio within 7 calendar
days from the date of deviation. It may be noted that no prior intimation/indication will be given to
Investors when the composition/asset allocation pattern under the Scheme undergoes changes within
the permitted band as indicated above.
Portfolio rebalancing in case of passive breaches :
Pursuant to paragraph 3.6.7 of the SEBI Master Circular dated June 27, 2024, in case of change in
constituents of the index due to periodic review, the portfolio of the Scheme will be rebalanced within 7
calendar days.
Portfolio replication :
The Scheme shall replicate the Underlying Index subject to the requirements as specified under paragraph
3.5.2.6 of the SEBI Master Circular dated June 27, 2024.
Any transactions undertaken in the portfolio of the Scheme in order to meet the Redemption and
Subscription obligations shall be done while ensuring that post such transactions replication of the
portfolio with the index is maintained at all points of time.
Provided further and subject to the above, any change in the asset allocation affecting the investment
profile of the Scheme shall be effected only in accordance with the provisions of sub regulation (15A) of
Regulation 18 read with sub-regulation (26) of Regulation 25 of the SEBI MF Regulations.
B. WHERE WILL THE SCHEME INVEST?
Subject to the SEBI MF Regulations, the corpus of the Scheme can be invested in any (but not exclusively)
of the following securities / instruments:
1. Securities constituting the Underlying Index.
2. Money Market Instruments
3. Tri-Party Repo on Government Securities and/or Treasury bills/ Repo & Reverse Repo
4. Cash & Cash Equivalents
5. Units of money market / liquid mutual fund schemes, subject to requisite regulatory guidelines.
6. Any other securities / instruments as may be permitted by SEBI from time to time, subject to
requisite regulatory approvals, if any.
Detailed definition and applicable regulations/guidelines for each instrument is included in Section II.
C. WHAT ARE THE INVESTMENT STRATEGIES?
Angel One Nifty 1D Rate Liquid ETF - Growth will track Nifty 1D Rate Index and will use a “passive” or
indexing approach to endeavour to achieve the Scheme's investment objective. The AMC does not make
any judgments about the investment merit of a particular security nor will it attempt to apply any
economic, financial or market analysis. Indexing eliminates active management risks with regard to over/
Page 13 of 54
underperformance vis-à-vis a benchmark. The Scheme will invest at least 95% of its total assets in the
securities comprising the Underlying Index. The Scheme may also invest in Money Market Instruments /
money market or liquid schemes of own or other mutual funds to meet the liquidity and expense
requirements.
Procedure and recording of investment decisions and risk control
All investment decisions relating to the Scheme will be undertaken by the AMC in accordance with the
Regulations and the investment objectives specified in this Scheme Information Document. All investment
decisions taken by the AMC along with justification in relation to the Scheme shall be recorded.
The designated fund manager of the Scheme will be responsible for taking the day-to-day investment
decisions and will inter alia be responsible for asset allocation, security selection and timing of investment
decisions.
The Scheme may invest in other schemes managed by the AMC or in the schemes of any other mutual
fund, provided it is in conformity to the investment objectives of the Scheme and in terms of the prevailing
Regulations. No investment management fees will be charged for such investments and the aggregate
inter-scheme investment made by all schemes of the Mutual Fund or in the schemes under the
management of other asset management companies shall not exceed 5% of the Net Asset Value of the
Mutual Fund. The limit, however, does not apply to any Fund of Funds scheme.
PORTFOLIO TURNOVER
Not applicable.
D. HOW WILL THE SCHEME BENCHMARK ITS PERFORMANCE?
Nifty 1D Rate Index is selected as the benchmark for the Scheme.
The composition of the benchmark is such that it is most suited for comparing performance of the
Scheme.
E. WHO MANAGES THE SCHEME?
The Fund Managers of the Scheme are Mr. Mehul Dama and Mr. Kewal Shah.
Name Age / Brief Experience Other schemes
Qualification managed / co-
managed
Mr. Mehul 42 years Mr. Mehul Dama has over 19 years of work • Angel One Nifty
Dama experience in financial services industry Total Market
B. Com., C. A. including 14 years in Indian Passive Mutual Index Fund.
Fund industry, across operations, fund • Angel One Nifty
accounting, valuation, and investment roles. Total Market ETF
Please find below brief details of his
experience:
• Angel One AMC : December 2023 till
Date
• Nippon India AMC :
• April 2018 to December 2023 (Fund
Manager & Dealer ETF)
Page 14 of 54
Name Age / Brief Experience Other schemes
Qualification managed / co-
managed
• November 2016 to April 2018 (Lead
Finance)
• Goldman Sachs AMC : August 2011 to
November 2016 (Vice President –
Controllers)
• Benchmark AMC : January 2010 to
August 2011 (Assistant Vice President–
Operations /Controllers)
Mr. Kewal 35 years Mr. Kewal Shah has an overall experience of • Angel One Nifty
Shah over 10 years across Operations and Dealing Total Market
PGDM functions in the mutual fund industry. Index Fund.
(Finance) • Angel One Nifty
Prior to joining Angel One AMC, Mr. Kewal Total Market ETF
Shah was associated with ICICI Prudential
AMC as Fund Manager where he managed
domestic and international ETFs along with
other passive funds for around 2.5 years,
prior to which he was part of the Operations
team for around 5 years. Mr. Kewal Shah
was also associated with Philip Capital
(India) Pvt. Ltd. and with JM Financial
Services Ltd. in the Operations team.
F. HOW IS THE SCHEME DIFFERENT FROM EXISTING SCHEMES OF THE MUTUAL FUND?
The Scheme is the only ETF scheme offered by the Mutual Fund which will invest its corpus entirely in Tri-
Party Repo on Government Securities or T-bills/Repo and Reverse Repo and if required, in cash and cash
equivalents and other Money Market Instruments to the extent of 5%. Hence, it cannot be compared with
other schemes of the Mutual Fund.
G. HOW HAS THE SCHEME PERFORMED?
The Scheme is a new scheme and does not have any performance track record.
H. ADDITIONAL SCHEME RELATED DISCLOSURES
i. Scheme’s portfolio holdings:
The Scheme is a new scheme and does not have any portfolio holdings. Investors can refer to
the below link for any information on the above point as and when applicable
(www.angelonemf.com/downloads).
ii. Disclosure of name and exposure to top 7 issuers, stocks, groups and top 4 sectors as a percentage
of NAV of the scheme:
The Scheme is a new scheme and hence, this disclosure is currently not applicable. Investors can
refer to the below link for any information on the above point as and when applicable
(www.angelonemf.com/downloads).
Page 15 of 54
Change in the constituents of the index, if any, shall be disclosed on the AMC website on the
day of change.
iii. Functional website link for Portfolio Disclosure:
The Scheme is a new scheme and hence, this disclosure is currently not applicable. Investors can
refer to the below link for any information on the above point as and when applicable
(www.angelonemf.com/downloads).
iv. Portfolio Turnover Rate particularly for equity-oriented schemes shall also be disclosed:
Not Applicable.
v. Aggregate investment in the Scheme by :
Sr. No. Category of Net Value Market Value (in Rs.)
Persons
Units NAV per units
Not Applicable*
*The Scheme is a new scheme and hence, this disclosure is currently not applicable. For details
of investments made by the Directors and Key Personnel of the AMC, please refer to SAI.
vi. Investments of AMC in the Scheme:
From time to time and subject to the SEBI MF Regulations, the Sponsor, its associate companies
and subsidiaries, and the AMC may invest either directly or indirectly in the Scheme. The AMC
shall not be entitled to charge any fees on its own investment in the Scheme. Please refer to
(www.angelonemf.com/downloads) for details of investments made by the AMC in the Scheme.
Page 16 of 54
PART III- OTHER DETAILS
A. COMPUTATION OF NAV
The NAV of the Units of the Scheme will be computed by dividing the net assets of the Scheme by the
number of Units outstanding as on the valuation date. The Fund shall value its investments according to
the valuation norms, as specified in Schedule VIII of the SEBI MF Regulations or such norms as may be
prescribed by SEBI from time to time, and as stipulated in the valuation policy and procedures mentioned
in the SAI.
NAV of Units under the Scheme shall be calculated as shown below :
NAV (Rs.) =
Market or Fair Value of + Current Assets - Current Liabilities and Provisions
Scheme's investments
No. of Units outstanding under the Scheme
During the continuous offer of the Scheme, the Units will be available at the Applicable NAV based
prices. NAV will be calculated upto four decimal places at the close of every Business Day of the Scheme
and will be declared on each Business Day.
The AMC will also calculate indicative NAV (iNAV) and publish the same on its website viz.
www.angelonemf.com. iNAV will not have any bearing on the creation or redemption of units directly with
the Fund by the Market Makers/Large Investors. For transactions by Market Makers / Large Investors
directly with the AMC, Intra-Day NAV based on the executed price at which the securities representing
the Underlying Index are purchased / sold, shall be applicable.
Illustration:
Computation of NAV :
Market or Fair Value of Scheme’s investments : Rs. 10,000,000;
Current assets of the Scheme : Rs. 2,500,000;
Current Liabilities and Provisions : Rs. 1,500,000;
No. of Units outstanding : 500,000.
Thus, the NAV will be calculated as:
NAV =
Rs. 10,000,000 + Rs. 2,500,000 - Rs. 1,500,000
500,000
Therefore, the NAV of the Scheme is Rs. 22/-.
Computation of Repurchase Price - If the Applicable NAV is Rs. 10, Exit Load is 2% then Redemption price
will be Rs. 10* (1-0.02) = Rs. 9.80.
Page 17 of 54
The Redemption Price will not be lower than 95% of the NAV.
For details on policies related to computation of NAV, rounding off, procedure in case of delay in
disclosure of NAV, etc. please refer to SAI.
B. NEW FUND OFFER (NFO) EXPENSES
These expenses are incurred for the purpose of various activities related to the NFO like marketing and
advertising, Registrar expenses, printing and stationary, bank charges etc. Such expenses shall be borne
by the AMC and will not be charged to the Scheme.
C. ANNUAL SCHEME RECURRING EXPENSES
These are the fees and expenses for operating the Scheme. These expenses include Investment
Management and Advisory Fee charged by the AMC, Registrar and Transfer Agent’s fee, marketing and
selling costs etc. as given in the table below.
The AMC has estimated that upto 1.00% (plus additional expenses as permitted under SEBI MF
Regulations of the daily net assets of the Scheme will be charged to the Scheme as expenses.
For the actual current expenses being charged, Investors should refer to the website of the Mutual Fund
(viz. www.angelonemf.com/daily-ter).
Expense Head % p.a. of daily Net
Assets (Estimated
p.a.)
Investment Management & Advisory Fee Upto 1.00%
Audit fees/fees and expenses of trustees
Custodial Fees
Registrar & Transfer Agent Fees including cost of providing account
statements / IDCW / Redemption cheques/ warrants
Marketing & selling expenses including Agents’ commission and
statutory advertisement
Listing and licensing fees
Incentives to Market Makers
Costs related to Investor communications
Costs of fund transfer from location to location
Cost towards Investor education & awareness
Goods & Services Tax on expenses other than investment and
advisory fees
Brokerage and transaction cost (including GST) over and above 12
bps and 5 bps for cash and Derivative market trades respectively
Other Expenses*
Maximum Total Expense Ratio (TER) permissible under Regulation Upto 1.00%
52 (6)(b)^
The Scheme shall not incur any distribution expenses and no commission shall be paid by this Scheme.
* As permitted under Regulation 52 of the SEBI MF Regulations or such other basis as specified by SEBI
from time to time. ^In line with clause 10.1.16.a of SEBI Master Circular dated June 26, 2024, the AMC /
Page 18 of 54
Mutual Fund shall annually set apart 1 basis point (i.e. 0.01%) on daily net assets of the Scheme within the
maximum limit of Total Expense Ratio as per Regulation 52 of the SEBI MF Regulations for investor
education and awareness initiatives. Expenses will be charged on daily net assets.
The above expenses are fungible within the overall maximum limit prescribed under SEBI MF Regulations,
which means there will be no internal sub-limits on expenses and the AMC is free to allocate them within
the overall TER.
The Scheme can charge expenses within the overall maximum limits prescribed under the SEBI MF
Regulations without any internal cap allocated to any of the expense heads specified in the above table.
Brokerage and transaction costs (inclusive of GST) which are incurred for the purpose of execution of
trades, shall be charged to the Scheme as per Regulation 52(6A)(a) of SEBI MF Regulations not exceeding
0.12 per cent in case of cash market transactions and 0.05 per cent in case of Derivatives transactions (if
permitted in the Scheme). With effect from April 1, 2023, to align with Indian Accounting Standards
requirement, transactions cost incurred for the purpose of execution of trades are expensed out (viz.
charged to Revenue Account instead of Capitalization (i.e. forming part of cost of investment)). Any
payment towards brokerage and transaction cost, over and above the said 0.12 percent and 0.05 percent
for cash market transactions and Derivatives transactions (if applicable) respectively may be charged to
the Scheme within the maximum limit of Total Expense Ratio (TER) as prescribed under Regulation 52 of
the SEBI MF Regulations.
All Scheme related expenses shall necessarily be paid from the Scheme only within the regulatory limits
and not from the books of the AMC, its associates, Sponsor, Trustee or any other entity through any route.
The AMC may charge Goods and Services Tax (“GST”) on investment and advisory fees to the Scheme of
the Mutual Fund in addition to the maximum limit of total expenses ratio as prescribed in Regulation 52
of the Regulations, whereas GST on other than investment and advisory fees, if any, shall be borne by the
Scheme within the maximum limit as per regulation 52 of the SEBI MF Regulations.
For the actual current expenses being charged to the Scheme, the Investor should refer to the website of
the Mutual Fund at www.angelonemf.com/daily-ter ). Any change in the expense ratio will be
communicated to the unitholders through notice via SMS / e-mail at least three working days prior to the
effective date of change. Such notice of change in TER shall also be updated on the AMC website at least
three working days prior to effecting such change.
Illustration – Impact of Expense Ratio on the returns of the Scheme :
Value of Rs. 1 lakh on 12% annual returns in 1 year, considering Expense
Ratio of 1%
Amount invested (Rs.) 100,000.00
NAV at the time of Investment (Rs.) 10.00
No. of Units 10,000
Gross NAV at end of 1 year 11.20
(assuming 12% annual return) (Rs.)
Expenses (assuming Expense Ratio 0.11
of 1% on average of opening and
closing NAV) (Rs.)
Actual NAV at end of 1 year post 11.09
expenses (assuming Expense Ratio
as above) (Rs.)
Value of investment at end of 1 year 112,000.00
Page 19 of 54
Value of Rs. 1 lakh on 12% annual returns in 1 year, considering Expense
Ratio of 1%
(Before expenses) (Rs.)
Value of Investment at end of 1 year 110,940.00
(After expenses) (Rs.)
Note: The above is an approximate illustration of the impact of expense ratio on the returns, where the
Gross NAV has been simply reduced to the extent of the expenses. In reality, the actual impact would
vary depending on the returns over the period under consideration. Expenses will be charged on daily
net assets.
D. LOAD STRUCTURE
Entry Load : Not Applicable
Exit Load is an amount which is paid by the Investor to redeem the units from the Scheme. Load amounts
are variable and are subject to change from time to time. For the current applicable structure, please refer
to the website of the AMC (www.angelonemf.com) or call at toll free no. 1800-209-0231 or reach out to
your distributor.
Type of Load Load chargeable (as % of NAV)
Exit Nil
The Exit Load charged, if any, shall be credited back to the Scheme. Goods and Services tax on Exit Load
shall be paid out of the Exit Load proceeds and Exit Load net of Goods and Services tax shall be credited
to the Scheme. Investors are requested to check the prevailing load structure of the Scheme before
investing. Any imposition or enhancement in the load shall be applicable on prospective investments only.
Subject to the SEBI MF Regulations, the Trustee reserves the right to modify/alter the Load structure on
the Units subscribed/redeemed on any Business Day. At the time of changing the Load structure, the AMC
/ Mutual Fund may adopt the following procedure:
i. The addendum detailing the changes will be attached to Scheme Information Document and Key
Information Memorandum. The addendum will be circulated to all the distributors/brokers so that
the same can be attached to all Scheme Information Documents and Key Information Memoranda
already in stock.
ii. Arrangements will be made to display the addendum in the Scheme Information Document in the
form of a notice in all the Investor Service Centres and distributors/brokers office.
iii. The introduction of the Exit Load along with the details will be stamped in the acknowledgement slip
issued to the Investors on submission of the application form and will also be disclosed in the
statement of accounts issued after the introduction of such Load.
iv. A public notice shall be provided on the website of the AMC in respect of such changes.
Page 20 of 54
SECTION II
I. INTRODUCTION
A. Definitions/Interpretation
Please refer the following link for Definitions/Interpretations : (www.angelonemf.com/downloads)
B. Risk factors (Scheme specific risk factors)
(i) Risks associated with the Scheme being an Exchange Traded Fund (“ETF”) :
a) Absence of prior active market: Although the Units of the Scheme will be listed on the Stock
Exchange for trading, there can be no assurance that an active secondary market will develop or
be maintained.
b) Lack of market liquidity: Trading in Units of the Scheme on the Stock Exchange on which it is listed
may be halted because of market conditions or for reasons that, in the view of the concerned
Stock Exchange or market regulator, trading in the ETF Units is inadvisable. In addition, trading in
the Units of the Scheme may be subject to trading halts caused by extraordinary market volatility
pursuant to ‘circuit breaker’ rules. There can be no assurance that the requirements of the
concerned Stock Exchange necessary to maintain the listing of the Units of the Scheme will
continue to be met or will remain unchanged.
c) Units of the Scheme may trade at prices other than NAV: Units of the Scheme may trade above
or below its NAV. The NAV of the Scheme may fluctuate with changes in the market value of a
Scheme’s holdings. The trading prices of Units of the Scheme will fluctuate in accordance with
changes in its NAVs as well as market supply and demand. However, given that the Scheme can
be created / redeemed in Creation Units, directly with the Fund, large discounts or premiums to
the NAVs will not sustain due to arbitrage possibility available.
d) Regulatory Risk: Any changes in trading regulations by the Stock Exchange or SEBI may affect the
ability of the Market Maker to arbitrage resulting into wider premium/discount to NAV. Although
the Scheme is proposed to be listed on the Exchange, the AMC and the Trustee will not be liable
for delay in listing of Units of the Scheme on Exchange / or due to connectivity problems with the
Depositories due to the occurrence of any event beyond their control.
e) Right to limit Redemption: The Trustee, in the general interest of the Unit holders of the Scheme
offered under this SID and keeping in view of the unforeseen circumstances/unusual market
conditions, may limit the total number of Units which can be redeemed on any Business Day
depending on the total “Saleable Underlying Stock” available with the Fund.
f) Redemption Risk: The Unit holders may note that even though this is an open ended scheme, the
Scheme would ordinarily repurchase Units in Creation Unit Size. Thus, unit holdings less than the
Creation Unit Size can normally only be sold through the secondary market unless no quotes are
available on the Exchange for 3 trading days consecutively.
g) Though the Scheme will be listed on the stock exchange, there is no assurance that an active
secondary market will develop or be maintained.
h) Investors may note that even though this is an open-ended scheme, they will have to buy or sell
Units of the Scheme on the Stock Exchanges where these Units are listed for liquidity at the
market price, subject to the rules and regulations of the Exchange. Buying and selling units on the
Stock Exchange requires the investor to engage the services of a broker and are subject to
payment of margins as required by the Stock Exchange/broker, payment of brokerage, securities
transactions tax and such other costs.
i) The market price of the Units of the Scheme, like any other listed security, is largely dependent
on two factors, viz. (1) the intrinsic value of the Unit (or NAV) and (2) demand and supply of Units
in the market. Sizeable demand or supply of the Units on the Stock Exchange may lead to market
price of the Units to quote at premium or discount to NAV. However, since the eligible investors
can transact with the AMC for Units in the Creation Unit Size, there should not be a significant
Page 21 of 54
variance from the NAV. Hence, the price of the Scheme is less likely to hold significant variance
(large premium or discount) from the latest declared NAV all the time.
j) The Units will be issued only in demat form through Depositories. The records of the Depository
are final with respect to the number of Units available to the credit of Unit holder. Settlement of
trades, repurchase of Units by the Mutual Fund depends on the confirmations to be received from
Depository(ies) on which the AMC has no control.
k) Political Risks: Whereas the Indian market was formerly restrictive, a process of deregulation has
been taking place over recent years. This process has involved removal of trade barriers and
protectionist measures, which could adversely affect the value of investments. It is possible that
the future changes in the Indian political situation, including political, social or economic
instability, diplomatic developments and changes in laws and regulations could have an effect on
the value of investments. Expropriation, confiscatory taxation or other relevant developments
could affect the value of investments.
(ii) Risks relating to Tracking Error and Tracking Difference :
The performance of the Scheme may not be commensurate with the performance of its index on any
given day or over any given period. Tracking Errors are inherent in any fund based on index and such
errors may cause the Scheme to generate returns which are not in line with the performance of the index.
Tracking Errors may result from a variety of factors including but not limited to:
• Fees & Expenditure incurred by the Scheme.
• The funds may not be invested at all times as it may keep a portion of the funds in cash to meet
Redemptions or expenses or for corporate actions of securities in the index.
• Any delay experienced in the purchase or sale of securities underlying the index due to illiquidity of
the market, settlement and realization of sale proceeds and the registration of any securities
transferred and any delays in receiving cash and interest and resulting delays in reinvesting them.
• The Underlying Index reflects the prices of securities at close of Business Hours. However, the Scheme
may buy or sell the securities at different points of time during the trading session at the then
prevailing prices which may not correspond to the closing prices on the Exchange.
• The potential for trades to fail which may result in the Scheme not having acquired securities at a
price necessary to track the index.
• The holding of a cash position to meet the Redemptions and other liquidity requirements) and accrued
income prior to distribution and accrued expenses.
• Rounding off of securities underlying the index.
• Disinvestments to meet Redemptions, recurring expenses, etc.
• Change in constituents of Underlying Index - in such an event, the Scheme will endeavor to reallocate
its portfolio to replicate the changes. However, the reallocation process may not occur
instantaneously and permit precise replication of the index due to prevailing market conditions and
such delay may affect the NAV of the Scheme.
(iii) Passive Investments:
The Scheme is not actively managed. Since the Scheme is linked to index, it may be affected by a general
decline in the Indian markets relating to its Underlying Index. The Scheme in line with its investment
objective will invest in securities which are constituents of its Underlying Index regardless of their
investment merit.
(iv) Settlement Risk:
In certain cases, settlement periods may be extended significantly by unforeseen circumstances. The
inability of the Scheme to make intended securities purchases due to settlement problems could cause
the Scheme to miss certain investment opportunities as in certain cases, settlement periods may be
extended significantly by unforeseen circumstances. Similarly, the inability to sell securities held in the
Scheme portfolio may result, at times, in potential losses to the Scheme, and there can be a subsequent
Page 22 of 54
decline in the value of the securities held in the Scheme portfolio.
(v) Right to Limit Redemptions:
The Trustee, in the general interest of the Unit holders of the Scheme offered in this Document and
keeping in view the unforeseen circumstances / unusual market conditions, may limit the total number of
Units which can be redeemed on any Business Day. The same shall be in accordance with paragraph 1.12
of the SEBI Master Circular dated June 27, 2024.
(vi) Risks associated with investing in Money Market Instruments:
• Price-Risk or Interest-Rate Risk: Fixed income securities such as bonds, debentures and Money Market
Instruments run price-risk or interest-rate risk. Generally, when interest rates rise, prices of existing
fixed income securities fall and when interest rates drop, such prices increase. The extent of fall or
rise in the prices is a function of the existing coupon, days to maturity and the increase or decrease in
the level of interest rates.
• Credit Risk: In simple terms this risk means that the issuer of a debenture/bond or a Money Market
Instrument may default on interest payment or even in paying back the principal amount on maturity.
Even where no default occurs, the price of a security may go down because the credit rating of an
issuer goes down. It must, however, be noted that where the Scheme has invested in Government
Securities, there is no credit risk to that extent. Different types of securities in which the Scheme would
invest as per its asset allocation pattern, carry different levels and types of risk. Accordingly, the
Scheme’s risk may increase or decrease depending upon its investment pattern. E.g. commercial
papers carry a higher amount of risk than Government Securities. Further, commercial papers which
are A1+ rated are comparatively less risky than those which are B1+ rated.
• Re-investment Risk: Investments in fixed income securities may carry re-investment risk as interest
rates prevailing on the interest or maturity due dates may differ from the original coupon of the
security. Consequently, the proceeds may get invested at a lower rate.
• Liquidity Risk: Due to the evolving nature of the fixed income market, there may be an increased risk
of liquidity risk in the portfolio from time to time.
Investments in money market / liquid schemes will also be subject to the above risks.
(vii) Risks associated with segregated portfolio:
• Liquidity risk – A segregated portfolio is created when a credit event / default occurs at an issuer level
in the Scheme. This may reduce the liquidity of the security issued by the said issuer, as demand for
this security may reduce. This is also further accentuated by the lack of secondary market liquidity for
corporate papers in India. As per SEBI norms, the Scheme will be closed for Redemption and
Subscriptions until the segregated portfolio is created, running the risk of Investors being unable to
redeem their investments. However, it may be noted that the proposed segregated portfolio is
required to be formed within one day from the occurrence of the credit event.
Investors may note that no Redemption and Subscription shall be allowed in the segregated portfolio.
However, in order to facilitate exit to Unit holders in segregated portfolio, the AMC shall list the units
of the segregated portfolio on a recognized stock exchange within 10 working days of creation of
segregated portfolio and also enable transfer of such units on receipt of transfer requests. For the units
listed on the Exchange, it is possible that the market price at which the units are traded may be at a
discount to the NAV of such Units. There is no assurance that an active secondary market will develop
for units of segregated portfolio listed on the Stock Exchange. This could limit the ability of the
Investors to resell them.
• Valuation risk - The valuation of the securities in the segregated portfolio is required to be carried out
in line with the applicable SEBI guidelines. However, it may be difficult to ascertain the fair value of
the securities due to absence of an active secondary market and difficulty to price in qualitative factors.
Page 23 of 54
(viii) Risks associated with investing in Government of India securities:
• Market liquidity risk - Even though the Government of India securities market is more liquid compared
to other debt instruments, on certain occasions, there could be difficulties in transacting in the market
due to extreme volatility leading to constriction in market volumes. Also, the liquidity of the Scheme
may suffer in case the relevant guidelines issued by Reserve Bank of India undergo any adverse
changes.
• Interest rate risk - While Government of India securities generally carry relatively minimal credit risk
since they are issued by the Government of India, they do carry price risk depending upon the general
level of interest rates prevailing from time to time. Generally, when interest rates rise, prices of fixed
income securities fall and when interest rates decline, the prices of fixed income securities increase.
The extent of fall or rise in the prices is a function of the coupon rate, days to maturity and the increase
or decrease in the level of interest rates. The price-risk is not unique to Government of India securities
and exists for all fixed income securities. Therefore, their prices tend to be influenced more by
movement in interest rates in the financial system than by changes in the Government's credit rating.
By contrast, in the case of corporate or institutional fixed income securities, prices are influenced by
their respective credit standing as well as the general level of interest rates.
(ix) Risks associated with investing in TREPS Segments :
As a member of the securities and TREPS segments of the Clearing Corporation of India (CCIL), all
transactions of the Mutual Fund in Government Securities and in TREPS segments will be settled centrally
through the infrastructure and settlement systems provided by CCIL, thus reducing the settlement and
counterparty risks considerably for transactions in the said segments. The members of CCIL are required
to contribute an amount as communicated by CCIL from time to time to the default fund maintained by
CCIL as a part of the default waterfall (a loss mitigating measure of CCIL in case of default by any member
in settling transactions routed through CCIL). The Mutual Fund will be exposed to the extent of its
contribution to the default fund of CCIL at any given point in time. In the event that the default waterfall
is triggered and the contribution of the Mutual Fund is called upon to absorb settlement/default losses
of another member by CCIL, the Scheme may lose an amount equivalent to its contribution to the default
fund allocated to the Scheme on a pro-rata basis.
(x) Risks associated with investing in securitized debt:
The Scheme will not invest in securitized debt.
(xi) Risks associated with investing in Foreign Securities:
The Scheme will not invest in Foreign Securities.
(xii) Risks associated with short selling:
The Scheme will not engage in short selling of securities.
C. Risk Management Strategies
The Scheme will invest 95-100% in TREPs which has overnight maturity. Thus, the market risk, interest
rate risk, liquidity risk and credit risk is considered as low for such instruments.
The Scheme will endeavor to manage risks associated with investing in debt and Money Market securities
by following a holistic risk management strategy. The risk control process involves identifying and
measuring risks through various risk measurement tools.
The AMC has identified following risks of investing in debt and Money Market securities and designed risk
management strategies, which are embedded in the investment process to manage such risks :
Risks associated with investments in debt and money market securities
Page 24 of 54
Risk Description Risk Mitigants/management strategy
Market Risk / Interest Rate Risk The Scheme may invest in Money Market
As with all fixed income securities, changes in interest Instruments having relatively shorter maturity
rates may affect the Scheme’s Net Asset Value as the thereby mitigating the price volatility due to
prices of securities generally increase as interest rates interest rate changes generally associated
decline and generally decrease as interest rates rise. with long-term securities.
Prices of long-term securities generally fluctuate more in
response to interest rate changes than do short-term
securities. Indian debt markets can be volatile leading to
the possibility of price movements up or down in fixed
income securities and thereby to possible
movements in the NAV.
Liquidity risk or Marketability Risk The Scheme may invest in Money Market
This refers to the ease with which a security can be sold Instruments having relatively shorter
at or near to its valuation yield- to maturity (YTM). maturity, which have low liquidity risk, as
compared to medium to long maturity
securities.
Credit Risk Management analysis may be used for
Credit risk or default risk refers to the risk that an issuer of identifying company specific risks.
a fixed income security may default (i.e., will be unable Management’s past track record may also be
to make timely principal and interest payments on the studied. Preference will be towards high
security). quality instruments.
II. INFORMATION ABOUT THE SCHEME:
A. Where will the Scheme invest ?
The corpus of the Scheme will be invested in Tri-Party Repo on Government Securities and/or Treasury
bills/ Repo and Reverse Repo and/or Money Market Instruments and/or units of money market/liquid
schemes.
Subject to the applicable regulations, the corpus of the Scheme can be invested in any (but not exclusively)
of the following securities / instruments :
a) Securities constituting the Underlying Index.
b) Tri-Party Repo on Government Securities and/or Treasury bills/ Repo and Reverse Repo.
c) Units of money market/liquid mutual fund schemes, subject to requisite regulatory guidelines.
d) Cash and Cash Equivalents.
e) Money Market Instruments which include commercial papers, commercial bills, treasury bills,
Government Securities having an unexpired maturity up to one year, call or notice money, certificate
of deposit, usance bills, and any other like instruments as specified by the Reserve Bank of India from
time to time to meet the liquidity requirements.
f) Any other securities / instruments as may be permitted by SEBI from time to time, subject to requisite
regulatory approvals if any.
The Scheme may invest in other schemes managed by the AMC or in the schemes of any other mutual
funds, provided it is in conformity with the investment objective of the Scheme and in terms of the
prevailing regulations. As per the Regulations, no investment management fees will be charged for such
investments and the aggregate inter-scheme investment made by all schemes of the Mutual Fund or in
schemes under the management of other asset management companies shall not exceed 5% of the Net
Asset Value of the Mutual Fund.
Page 25 of 54
MONEY MARKET IN INDIA
The money market in India essentially consist of the call money market (i.e. market for overnight and term
money between banks and institutions), Repo transactions (temporary sale with an agreement to buy
back the securities at a future date at a specified price), commercial papers (CPs, short term unsecured
promissory notes, generally issued by corporates), certificate of deposits (CDs, issued by banks) and
Treasury Bills & Cash Management Bills (issued by RBI). In a predominantly institutional market, the key
money market players are banks, financial institutions, insurance companies, mutual funds, primary
dealers and corporates.
Following table exhibits various debt instruments along with indicative yields as on February 27, 2025:
Instruments Yield level (% per annum)
3 months CP 7.86
3 months CD 7.54
1 year CP 8.08
1 year CD 7.64
Source: NSE Indices Ltd. Note: Yields provided in the above table are based on the Nifty CP
& Nifty CD indices
The actual yields will, however, vary in line with general levels of interest rates and debt/money market
conditions prevailing from time to time.
B. What are the investment restrictions?
Pursuant to the SEBI MF Regulations as amended from time to time, the following investment restrictions
are presently applicable to the Scheme:
1) The Scheme shall not invest in unlisted commercial papers (CPs), other than (a) Government
Securities, and (b) other Money Market Instruments.
For the above purposes, listed instruments shall include listed and to be listed instruments.
2) The Scheme shall not invest more than 5% of its net assets in unrated Money Market Instruments,
other than Government Securities, treasury bills, Derivative products such as Interest Rate Swaps
(IRS), Interest Rate Futures (IRF), etc. All such investments shall be made with the prior approval of
the Boards of AMC and Trustee.
Such investments would be made only in such instruments, including bills re-discounting, usance bills,
etc., that are generally not rated and for which separate investment norms or limits are not provided
in SEBI (Mutual Fund) Regulations, 1996 and various circulars issued thereunder.
3) The Scheme shall buy and sell securities on the basis of deliveries and shall in all cases of purchases, take
delivery of relevant securities and in all cases of sale, deliver the securities.
Provided further that sale of government security already contracted for purchase shall be permitted
in accordance with the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India in this regard.
4) The Scheme shall not make any investment in:
i. any unlisted security of an associate or group company of the Sponsor; or
ii. any security issued by way of private placement by an associate or group company of the Sponsor;
or
iii. the listed securities of group companies of the Sponsor which is in excess of 25 per cent of the net
assets, except for investments made by the Scheme in compliance with such conditions as
specified by SEBI.
5) Transfer of investments from one scheme to another scheme in the same Mutual Fund is permitted
provided:
Page 26 of 54
i. such transfers are done at the prevailing market price for quoted instruments on spot basis (spot
basis shall have the same meaning as specified by the stock exchanges for spot transactions); and
ii. the securities so transferred shall be in conformity with the investment objective of the scheme to
which such transfer has been made, and
iii. the transfer is in accordance with the applicable guidelines provided under paragraph 12.30 of
SEBI Master Circular dated June 27, 2024.
6) The Scheme may invest in other schemes under the Asset Management Company or any other mutual
fund without charging any fees, provided the aggregate inter-scheme investment made by all the
schemes under the same management or in schemes under management of any other asset
management company shall not exceed 5% of the Net Asset Value of the Fund.
7) The Fund shall get the securities purchased transferred in the name of the Fund on account of the
Scheme, wherever investments are intended to be of a long-term nature.
8) No loans for any purpose can be advanced by the Scheme.
9) The Scheme shall not borrow except to meet temporary liquidity needs of the Scheme for the purpose
of Repurchase/Redemption of units or payment of interest and/or Dividend to the Unitholders,
provided that the Scheme shall not borrow more than 20% of its net assets and the duration of the
borrowing shall not exceed a period of 6 months.
10) The Scheme shall not make any investment in a Fund of Funds scheme.
The Scheme will comply with the relevant regulatory investment limits applicable to the investments of
mutual funds from time to time. The Trustee may alter the above restrictions from time to time to the
extent that changes in the relevant Regulations may allow and/or as deemed fit in the general interest of
the Unitholders.
All investment restrictions shall be applicable at the time of making the investment.
C. Fundamental Attributes
Following are the “fundamental attributes” of the Scheme, in terms of Regulation 18(5A) of the
SEBI MF Regulations:
(i) Type of a scheme
Please refer to Section-I - Part I - Highlights/Summary of the Scheme.
(ii) Investment Objective
• Main Objective: Please refer to Section-I - Part I - Highlights/Summary of the Scheme.
• Investment Pattern: Please refer to Section-I - Part II – Information about the Scheme.
(iii) Terms of Issue
• Listing: Please refer to Section-I - Part I - Highlights/Summary of the Scheme.
• Redemption: Please refer to Section-I - Part I - Highlights/Summary of the Scheme.
• Aggregate Fees and Expenses: Please refer to Section-I – Part III - C. Annual Scheme
Recurring Expenses.
• Any safety net or guarantee provided- None.
In accordance with Regulation 18(15A) and Regulation 25(26) of the SEBI (MF) Regulations and paragraph
1.14.1.4 of the SEBI Master Circular dated June 27, 2024, the Trustee shall ensure that no change in the
fundamental attributes of the Scheme and the Plan(s)/Option(s) thereunder or the trust or fee and
expenses payable or any other change which would modify the Scheme and the Plan(s) / Option(s)
thereunder and affect the interests of Unitholders is carried out unless:
• SEBI has reviewed and provided its comments on the proposal;
• A written communication about the proposed change is sent to each Unitholder and an
advertisement is given in one English daily newspaper having nationwide circulation as well as in a
Page 27 of 54
newspaper published in the language of the region where the Head Office of the Mutual Fund is
situated; and
• The Unitholders are given an option for a period of at least 30 calendar days to exit at the prevailing
Net Asset Value without any Exit Load.
D. Index Methodology
The objective of this Index is to measure the returns generated by market participants lending in the
overnight market with government securities as underlying collateral.
The Index uses the overnight rate published on “Triparty Repo Dealing System (TREPS)", platform of CCIL,
with government securities as underlying, for computation of index values. The details of TREPS are
available on CCIL.
Methodology
• Annualised weighted average rate published by CCIL at end of the day is considered for computation
of index
• The annualized rate is converted to the daily rate for index calculation, by dividing the annual rate by
365 days
• The interest based on daily rate is added to the index value of the previous day
• TREPS with T+0 settlement is considered
• If next day is a working day then rate with 1 day maturity is considered
• If next day is holiday or Saturday, rate of “n” days maturity is considered, where “n” is number of days
until next working day. For example on Friday, rate for 3 days maturity would be considered for
computation of index on (Friday, Saturday and Sunday)
• The index is computed daily at end of the day
• The base date for index is January 03, 2011 and base value is 1000
Source: NSE
For more details on index methodology, please visit www.niftyindices.com.
The updated constituents of the Underlying Index of the Scheme shall also be made available on the
website i.e. www.angelonemf.com at all points of time.
Constituent details as on February 27, 2025 :
Sr. No. Name of Constituent Index Weightage (%)
1 Tri Party Repo 100%
Source: NSE Indices Ltd.
Page 28 of 54
E. Other Scheme Specific Disclosures:
Listing and transfer of units Listing :
The units of the Scheme will be listed on NSE within 5 working days
from the date of allotment. It may also list on any other exchanges
subsequently.
Transfer :
In accordance with clause 14.4.4 of SEBI Master Circular dated June
27, 2024, units of the Scheme are held in electronic (demat) form and
will be transferable. The units will be subject to the transmission
facility in accordance with the provisions of SEBI (Depositories and
Participants) Regulations, 1996 as may be amended from time to time.
If a person becomes a holder of the Units consequent to operation of
law, or upon enforcement of a pledge, the Fund will, subject to
production of satisfactory evidence, effect the transfer, if the
transferee is otherwise eligible to hold the Units. Similarly, in cases of
transfers taking place consequent to death, insolvency etc., the
transferee’s name will be recorded by the Fund subject to production of
satisfactory evidence.
The delivery instructions for transfer of units will have to be lodged
with the DP in requisite form as may be required from time to time
and transfer will be effected in accordance with such rules /
regulations as may be in force governing transfer of securities in
dematerialized mode.
Dematerialization of units 1) Units of the Scheme will be available in Dematerialized (electronic)
form only.
2) The applicant under the Scheme will be required to have a
beneficiary account with a Depository Participant of NSDL/CDSL
and will be required to indicate in the application the Depository
Participants (DP’s) name, DP ID Number and the beneficiary
account number of the applicant.
3) Units of the Scheme will be issued, traded and settled compulsorily
in dematerialized form.
4)
Please refer to the SAI for further details.
Minimum Target amount The Scheme seeks to collect Rs. 10 crores as the minimum Subscription
(This is the minimum amount and would retain any excess Subscription collected. If the Scheme
required to operate the does not collect the minimum Subscription during the NFO, refund will
scheme and if this is not be made within 5 Business Days from closure of the NFO.
collected during the NFO
period, then all the Investors
would be refunded the amount
invested without any return.)
Maximum Amount to be There is no limit to the maximum amount that can be raised by the
raised (if any) Scheme.
Page 29 of 54
Dividend Policy (IDCW) Not Applicable.
Allotment (Detailed The AMC shall allot units to those applicants whose valid applications
procedure) have been accepted and funds have been credited to the Scheme’s
bank account.
For applicants applying through ASBA on allotment, the amount will
be unblocked in their respective bank accounts and their bank
accounts will be debited only to the extent required to pay for
allotment of Units applied in the application form.
The AMC shall allot units within 5 Business Days from the date of
closure of the NFO period. The amount for fractional units, if any, will
be refunded to the Investor.
The AMC/Trustee may reject any application for Subscription if found
incomplete.
Allotment Confirmation / Consolidated Account Statement (CAS)
Single Consolidated Account Statement (SCAS):
The AMC shall send allotment confirmation specifying the number of
units allotted to the Investor by way of email and/or SMSs to the
Investor’s registered email address and/or mobile number not later
than 5 (five) Business Days from the date of closure of the New Fund
Offer Period. Thereafter, Single Consolidated Account Statement
(SCAS), based on PAN of the holders, shall be sent by the Depositories,
for each calendar month within 15th day of the succeeding month to
the unitholders in whose folio(s)/demat account(s) transactions have
taken place during that month.
Applicants under the Scheme will be issued Units in dematerialized
form only. Applications which do not contain valid details of the demat
account of the investors would be rejected and the application money
will be refunded within the prescribed timeline. Where units are held
by Investor in dematerialised form, the demat statement issued by the
DP would be deemed adequate compliance with the requirements in
respect of dispatch of statements of account.
The Units of the Scheme held in the dematerialised form will be fully
and freely transferable (subject to lock-in period, if any, and subject to
lien, if any marked on the Units) in accordance with the provisions of
SEBI (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 1996 as may be
amended from time to time and as stated in paragaph 14.4.4 of SEBI
Master Circular no. SEBI/HO/IMD/IMD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2024/90 dated
June 27, 2024. Further, for the procedure of release of lien, the
investors are requested to contact their respective DP.
Refund If the application is rejected for any reason, full amount will be
refunded within 5 working days of closure of the NFO. No interest will
be payable on any Subscription money refunded within five Business
Days from the closure of NFO. If refunded later than 5 working days
interest @15% p.a. for delay period will be paid to the applicant and
Page 30 of 54
charged to the AMC for the period from the day following the date of
expiry of five Business Days until the actual date of the refund.
Refund will be initiated in the name of the applicant in the case of a
sole applicant and in the name of the first applicant in all other cases.
In both cases, the bank account number and bank name, as specified
in the application, will be considered for refund. The bank and/ or
collection charges, if any, will be borne by the applicant. All the refund
payments will be initiated in the manner as may be specified by SEBI
from time to time.
The bank and/ or collection charges, if any, will be borne by the
applicant. All the refund payments will be sent by registered post or
courier service or as required under the Regulations.
Who can invest The following persons may apply for Subscription to the units of the
This is an indicative list and Scheme (subject, wherever relevant, to purchase of units of mutual
Investors shall consult their funds being permitted under respective constitutions, relevant
financial advisor to ascertain statutory regulations and with all applicable approvals):
whether the Scheme is suitable • Resident adult individuals either singly or jointly (not exceeding
to their risk profile. three) or on anyone or survivor basis.
• Minor through parent/lawful guardian.
• Companies, Bodies Corporate, Public Sector Undertakings, Co-
operative societies, Association of Persons or Body of Individuals
whether incorporated or not and societies registered under the
Societies Registration Act, 1860 (so long as the purchase of units is
permitted under the respective constitutions).
• Charitable or religious trusts, wakf boards or endowments and
registered societies (including registered co-operative societies)
and private trusts authorized to invest in mutual fund schemes
under their trust deeds.
• Non-Government Organisations as may be permitted by their
regulator.
• Proprietorship in the name of the sole proprietor.
• Partnership Firms and Limited Liability Partnerships (LLPs).
• Hindu Undivided Family (HUF) in the name of Karta.
• Banks (including Co-operative Banks and Regional Rural
Banks), Financial Institutions and Investment Institutions.
• Non-resident Indians/Persons of Indian origin residing abroad
(NRIs) on full repatriation basis or on non-repatriation basis.
• Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) /sub-accounts registered with
SEBI (subject to regulations / directions prescribed by the RBI/SEBI
from time to time relating to FPI investments in mutual fund
schemes) on repatriation basis.
• Army, Air Force, Navy, para-military funds and other eligible
institutions.
• Scientific and Industrial Research Organizations.
• Mutual funds / Alternative Investment Funds registered with SEBI.
• Provident/Pension/Gratuity/Superannuation and such other
retirement and employee benefit and other similar funds as and
when permitted to invest.
• International Multilateral Agencies or body corporates
Page 31 of 54
incorporated outside India approved by the Government of
India/RBI.
• Special Purpose Vehicles (SPVs) approved by appropriate authority
(subject to RBI approval)
• Unincorporated body of persons as may be accepted by the
AMC/Trustee.
• The Trustee, AMC or Sponsor of the Mutual Fund or their
associates
• Other schemes of Angel One Mutual Fund, subject to the
conditions and limits prescribed by SEBI and/or by the Trustee/
AMC.
• Insurers, insurance companies / corporations registered with the
Insurance Regulatory Development Authority.
• Other categories of Investors who are permitted to invest in the
Scheme as per their respective constitutions.
The above list is indicative and the applicable law, if any, would
supersede the above list. Investors are requested to ensure compliance
with the regulatory guidelines applicable to them, while making such
investments.
Who cannot invest The following persons are not eligible to subscribe to the Units of the
Scheme:
1) Residents in Canada.
2) United States Persons (U.S. Persons) and Non-resident
Indians/Persons of Indian Origin residing in United States and
Canada.
3) Persons residing in the Financial Action Task Force (FATF) Non
Compliant Countries and Territories (NCCTs).
4) Any entity who is not permitted to invest in the Scheme as per its
constitution / applicable regulations.
How to apply and where can Please refer to the SAI for detailed process (physical and online) with
you submit the filled up respect to NFO, additional/ongoing purchase, investments by NRIs
applications (Non-Resident Indian), FPIs (Foreign Portfolio Investors) and foreign
Investors, joint applications, etc. Investors can also read further details
in the application form available on the website of the AMC viz.
www.angelonemf.com/downloads. Please refer to the SAI and
application form for the instructions.
The applications for Subscription/Redemption/switches can be
submitted at the Official Points of Acceptance of the AMC and CAMS as
provided on the website of the AMC viz.
www.angelonemf.com/service-branches
Investors can also subscribe and redeem units through the website of
the AMC viz. www.angelonemf.com and other digital assets, distributor
/ RIA platforms, Stock Exchange mechanism, Official Points of
Acceptance through MF Utility, through the electronic platform of
CAMS and through the MF Central website.
Page 32 of 54
Pursuant to paragraph 14.8 of the SEBI Master Circular dated June 27,
2024, an Investor can also subscribe to the New Fund Offer (NFO)
through ASBA facility.
ASBAs can be accepted only by those banks whose names appear in the
list of banks as displayed by SEBI on its website www.sebi.gov.in. Kindly
refer to the said link for complete details.
MANDATORY QUOTING OF BANK MANDATE BY INVESTORS
As per the directives issued by SEBI, it is mandatory for applicants to
mention their bank account numbers in their applications and
therefore, Investors are requested to fill-up the appropriate box in the
application form failing which applications are liable to be rejected.
Kindly refer to below link for the list of Official Points of Acceptance of
transactions for Angel One Mutual Fund :
www.angelonemf.com/service-branches
The policy regarding reissue of The units under the Scheme once Repurchased, shall not be reissued.
Repurchased units, including
the maximum extent, the
manner of reissue, the entity
(the scheme or the AMC)
involved in the same
Restrictions, if any, on the In the interest of the Investors and in order to protect the portfolio from
right to freely retain or dispose market volatility, the Trustee reserves the right to limit or discontinue
of units being offered Subscriptions under the Scheme for a specified period of time or till
further notice.
Cut off timing for The requirement of “cut-off” timing for NAV applicability as prescribed
Subscriptions/ Redemptions/ by SEBI from time to time shall not be applicable for direct
switches transactions by the Market Makers and other eligible investors. For
Authorised Participants/ Market Makers / Large Investors, as the
This is the time before which Scheme is Exchange Traded Fund, the Subscriptions and Redemptions
your application (complete in of Units would be based on the Portfolio Deposit and Cash Component
all respects) should reach the as defined by the Fund for that respective Business Day. The Fund may
Official Points of Acceptance. also allow cash (viz. RTGS, NEFT or transfer cheque)
Subscription/Redemption in Creation Unit Size by Large Investors.
Investors / Unit holders are requested to note that the cut-off time
will not be applicable to transactions undertaken on a recognised
Stock Exchange.
Cut-off timings will be in accordance with SEBI guidelines issued from
time to time for applicability of NAV.
Kindly refer to the notices issued from time to time for the applicable
cut-off timings available on the website of the AMC (viz.
www.angelonemf.com).
Page 33 of 54
Where can the applications for Authorised Participants / Market Makers / Large Investors may
purchase / Redemption submit/mail the completed application forms at any of the Official
/switches be submitted ? Points of Acceptance designated by the AMC. Please refer to the AMC
website (www.angelonemf.com) for the list of Official Points of
Acceptance, etc.
As per the directives issued by SEBI, it is mandatory for an investor to
declare his/her bank account number in the application form. This is
to safeguard the interest of Unit holders from loss or theft of their
redemption cheques / DDs. Additionally, if the bank details provided
by Investors are different from the details available on the instrument,
the AMC may seek additional details from the Investors to validate the
bank details provided by the Investors.
Minimum amount for During New Fund Offer :
purchase / Redemption/ Rs. 1,000/- and in multiples of Re.1/- thereafter.
switches
During on-going offer :
Directly with the Fund
The facility of creating units in Creation Unit Size is available to the
Authorised Participants/ Market Makers and Large Investors.
However, in case of Large Investors, the execution value shall be
greater than Rs. 25 crores or such other amount as may be specified
by SEBI from time to time (except for schemes managed by Employee
Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO), India and Recognized Provident
Funds, Approved Gratuity Funds and Approved Superannuation Funds
under Income Tax Act, 1961, till August 31, 2025 or as specified in the
Regulations time to time). The limit of Rs. 25 crores shall not be
applicable to Market Makers.
Minimum number of Units (Creation Units) – 500 units & in multiples
of 1 unit thereafter.
Investors can directly approach the AMC for Redemption of units of
the Scheme, for transaction up to Rs. 25 crores (or such other amount
as may be specified by SEBI from time to time) without any Exit Load,
in case of the following scenarios:
(i) Traded price (closing price) of the ETF units is at discount of more
than 1% to the day end NAV for 7 continuous trading days, or
(ii) No quotes for such ETFs are available on Stock Exchange(s) for 3
consecutive trading days, or
(iii) Total bid size on the Stock Exchange is less than half of Creation
Unit Size daily, averaged over a period of 7 consecutive trading
days.
In case of the above scenarios, applications received from Investors
for Redemption up to 3.00 p.m. on any trading day, shall be processed
by the AMC at the closing NAV of the day of receipt of application
within the above cut-off time. Such instances shall be tracked by the
AMC on an ongoing basis and in case any of the above mentioned
Page 34 of 54
scenario arises, the same shall be disclosed on the website of the
Mutual Fund (viz. www.angelonemf.com).
On the Exchange
The minimum number of Units that can be bought by the Investors on
the Exchange is 1 (one) Unit and in multiples thereafter.
Minimum Switch Amount
Minimum switch-in amount will be as per the minimum application
amount in the Scheme.
Switch-in facility into the Scheme from eligible open-ended (non-
ETF) schemes
For availing this facility, Investors are requested to note the following
operational modalities:
a) Based on number of baskets the Investor wants to switch-in to the
Scheme, the switch-out amount from the open ended (non-ETF)
scheme should be calculated to nearest basket lot size so that the
minimum switch-in amount as on switch-in date is greater than
Rs. 25 crores as per the Intra-Day NAV.
b) Switch-in to the Scheme will be in terms of number of basket/
Creation Lot specified in the application form subject to minimum
switch-in amount of greater than Rs. 25 crores.
c) Switch transaction will be processed at the Applicable NAV of the
switch-out scheme and only if the value is available in the switch-
out scheme.
d) The applicability of the NAV in the Scheme will be the Intra-Day
NAV of the Business Day on which the funds are realized in the
Scheme’s account before the cut-off time.
e) In case the value of Intra-Day NAV X no. of applicable Creation Lot
is greater than the switch funding amount, the switch-in
transaction will be rejected and the entire amount will be
refunded to the Investor.
f) Investors may note that the pattern and sequence of holding in
both the open-ended (Non-ETF) folio and in demat account (used
for the Scheme units) should be the same. However, in case there
is no existing folio in the Scheme, the Investor has to provide the
details and signatures of all holders for folio creation in the
Scheme.
Switch-out facility to eligible open-ended (non-ETF) Schemes
For availing this facility, Investors are requested to note the following
operational modalities:
a) Switch-out from the Scheme will be allowed only in terms of
basket size (unit) and subject to minimum switch-out amount
of greater than Rs. 25 crores.
b) Switch transaction will be processed subject to availability of all
details as per regulatory guidelines.
c) Switch out transaction will be processed at the intra day NAV
of the Scheme.
Page 35 of 54
d) The applicability of the NAV in the transferee scheme will be
the NAV of the Business Day on which the funds are realized in
the scheme’s account before cut-off time.
e) In case of any rejection of switch-in to the scheme, the amount
will be refunded to the Investor as Redemption proceeds.
f) Investors are requested to note that the pattern and sequence
of holding in the folio of the transferee scheme and in demat
account (used for ETF unit holding) should be same. However,
in case there is no existing folio, the Investor has to provide the
details and signatures of all holders for folio creation in the
transferee scheme.
g) Investors should have the clear balance of ETF units in their
demat account for execution of the switch-out transaction.
The limit of Rs. 25 crores shall not be applicable to schemes managed
by Employee Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO), India and
Recognized Provident Funds, Approved Gratuity Funds and Approved
Superannuation Funds under Income Tax Act, 1961, till August 31,
2025 or as specified in the Regulations time to time.
The AMC/Trustee reserves the right to introduce, change, modify or
withdraw any of the features available in this facility from time to
time.
Principles of incentive Incentives to the Market Maker will be linked to the performance of
structure for market makers the Market Maker in terms of generating liquidity in units of the
Scheme. Incentives, if any, to the Market Maker shall be charged to
the Scheme within the maximum permissible limit of TER. Incentives
to the Market Maker shall be at the discretion of the AMC which may
be variable in nature or fixed amount adhering to maximum
permissible limit of TER.
Determination of incentives for Market Makers
Listed below are a few criteria based on which the AMC will determine
the incentives to the Market Makers :
• Volume carried out by the Market Maker on the Exchange as
compared to total volume of respective ETFs on the Exchange.
• Any other performance-based incentive that the Market Maker
Committee of the AMC may decide.
The incentive may be fixed monthly compensation which shall not
exceed TER of the Scheme.
Incentives, if any, will be payable to the Market Maker subject to the
Market Maker fulfilling its obligations and responsibilities.
Minimum balance to be Not Applicable.
maintained and consequences
of non-maintenance
Account statements (during Units issued by the AMC under the Scheme shall be credited to the
on going offer) Investor’s beneficiary account with a Depository Participant (DP) of
CDSL or NSDL. The AMC will endeavour to credit the units to the
beneficiary account of the Unit holder within two Business Days from
the date of receipt of credit of the funds.
Page 36 of 54
Unit holders who have a Demat Account are requested to note the
following :
• Investors who have holdings in mutual funds and securities in their
demat account shall receive a Single Consolidated Account
Statement from the Depository.
• Consolidation of account statement shall be done on the basis of
PAN. In case of multiple holdings, it shall be PAN of the first holder
and pattern of holding.
• The CAS shall be generated on a monthly basis and shall be issued
on or before the 15th of the immediately succeeding month to the
Unit holder(s) in whose folio(s) transaction(s) has/have taken
place during the month.
• As a green initiative measure, SEBI vide its circular no.
SEBI/HO/MRD-PoD2/CIR/P/2024/93 dated July 1, 2024 has
specified that the CAS shall be despatched by e-mail to all the
Investors whose e-mail addresses are registered with the
Depositories and AMCs/MF-RTAs. However, where an Investor
does not wish to receive CAS through e-mail, an option shall be
given to the Investor to receive the CAS in physical form at the
address registered with the Depositories and the AMCs/MF-RTAs.
The Depositories shall also intimate the Investor on a quarterly
basis through the SMS mode specifying the e-mail id on which the
CAS is being sent. In case there is no transaction in any of the
mutual fund folios, then CAS detailing holdings of investments
across all schemes of the mutual funds will be issued on half yearly
basis at the end of every six months (i.e. September/ March) on or
before 21st of the immediately succeeding month.
For further details, refer SAI.
Dividend / IDCW Not Applicable.
Redemption The Market Maker/Large Investor may submit Redemption request
transaction form prescribed by the AMC enclosed with Redemption
request slip used in the depository system duly acknowledged by the
Depository Participant with which the Market Maker/Large Investor
has a depository account.
Redemption proceeds in the form of basket of securities included in
the Underlying Index in the same proportion will be credited to the
designated DP account of the Market Maker/Large Investor. Any
fractions in the number of securities transferable to Market
Maker/Large Investor will be rounded off to the lower integer and the
value of the fractions will be added to the Cash Component payable.
Applicable Cash Component will be recovered along with necessary
transaction handling charges.
Payment of proceeds in cash: The Fund at its discretion may accept the
request of Market Maker/Large Investor for payment of redemption
proceeds in cash in Creation Unit Size or in multiples thereof. Such
investors shall submit Redemption request transaction form
prescribed by the AMC enclosed with redemption request slip used in
Page 37 of 54
the depository system duly acknowledged by the depository
participant with which Market Maker/Large Investor has a depository
account. whereupon the Fund will arrange to sell underlying portfolio
securities on behalf of the investor. Accordingly, the sale proceeds at
the actual execution price of the underlying portfolio, after adjusting
necessary transaction handling charges/costs and applicable Cash
Component, will be remitted to the investor. The number of Units so
redeemed will be subtracted from the unitholder’s account balance
(DP) and a statement to this effect will be issued to the unitholder by
depository.
The Redemption or Repurchase proceeds shall be dispatched to the
Unitholders within three working days from the date of Redemption or
Repurchase.
AMFI, in consultation with SEBI, has published a list of exceptional
circumstances for schemes unable to transfer Redemption or
Repurchase proceeds to Investors within the stipulated time as
mentioned above, along with applicable time frame for transfer of
Redemption or Repurchase proceeds to the unitholders in such
exceptional circumstances. The said list is available on AMFI website.
Bank Mandate As per the directives issued by SEBI, it is mandatory for applicants to
mention their bank account numbers in their applications and
therefore, Investors are requested to fill-up the appropriate box in the
application form failing which applications are liable to be rejected.
Additionally, if the bank details provided by Investors are different from
the details available on instrument, the AMC may seek additional details
from Investors to validate the bank details provided by Investors.
Delay in payment of The Asset Management Company shall be liable to pay interest to the
Redemption / Repurchase unitholders at @ 15% per annum as specified vide paragraph 14.2 of
proceeds the SEBI Master Circular dated June 27, 2024 for the period of such
delay.
However, the AMC will not be liable to pay any interest or
compensation or any amount otherwise, in case the AMC/Trustee is
required to obtain from the Investor/Unit holder, verification of
identity or such other details relating to Subscription/Redemption for
Units under any applicable law or as may be requested by a Regulatory
Authority or any government authority, which may result in delay in
processing the application.
Unclaimed Redemption The unclaimed Redemption amount may be deployed by the Mutual
Amount Fund in call money market, Money Market Instruments or separate
plan of overnight scheme/ liquid scheme / money market mutual fund
scheme floated specifically for deployment of the unclaimed amounts
only. Provided that such schemes where the unclaimed Redemption
amounts are deployed shall be only those Overnight scheme/ Liquid
scheme / Money Market Mutual Fund schemes which are placed in A-
1 cell (Relatively Low Interest Rate Risk and Relatively Low Credit Risk)
of Potential Risk Class matrix.
Page 38 of 54
The Investors who claim the unclaimed amounts during a period of
three years from the due date shall be paid initial unclaimed amount
along-with the income earned on its deployment. Investors, who claim
these amounts after 3 years, shall be paid initial unclaimed amount
along-with the income earned on its deployment till the end of the
third year. After the third year, the income earned on such unclaimed
amounts shall be used for the purpose of investor education.
Please refer to SAI for further details.
Disclosure w.r.t. investment A minor can invest through his/her parent/lawful guardian. Minors
by minors can complete their KYC requirements for their folio through guardian.
Payment for investment by any mode shall be accepted from the bank
account of the minor, parent or legal guardian of the minor with
parent or legal guardian.
For further details, please refer to SAI.
Settlement of purchase/sale Buying/Selling of Units of the Scheme on the Exchange(s) is just like
of units of the Scheme on the buying/selling any other normal listed security. If an Investor has
Stock Exchange bought Units, then such Investor has to pay the purchase amount to
the broker/sub-broker such that the amount paid is realised before
the funds pay-in day of the settlement cycle on the Exchange(s). If an
Investor has sold Units, then such Investor has to deliver the Units to
the broker/sub-broker before the securities pay-in day of the
settlement cycle on the Exchange(s). The Units (in the case of Units
bought) and the funds (in the case of Units sold) are paid out to the
broker on the payout day of the settlement cycle on the Exchange(s).
The Exchange(s) regulations stipulate that the trading member should
pay the money or Units to the Investor within 24 hours of the payout.
If an Investor has bought Units, then such Investor should give
Standing Instructions for ‘Delivery-In’ to its Depository Participant for
accepting Units in its beneficiary account. An Investor should give the
details of its beneficiary account and the Depository Participant-ID of
their Depository Participant to their trading member. The trading
member will transfer the Units directly to the beneficiary account of
the Investor on receipt of the same from Exchange(s)’ clearing
corporation.
An Investor who has sold Units should instruct their Depository
Participant to give ‘Delivery Out’ instructions to transfer the Units
from their beneficiary account to the pool account of their trading
member through whom they have sold the Units. The details of the
Pool A/c (CM-BP-ID) of their trading member to which the Units are to
be transferred, Unit quantity etc. should be mentioned in the Delivery
Out instructions given by them to the Depository Participant. The
instructions should be given well before the prescribed securities pay-
in day.
SEBI has advised that the Delivery Out instructions should be given at
least 24 hours prior to the cut-off time for the prescribed securities
Page 39 of 54
pay-in to avoid any rejection of instructions due to data entry errors,
network problems, etc.
The rolling settlement will be on T+1 basis.
While calculating the days from the trading day, weekend days (i.e.
Saturday and Sundays), Exchange holidays and bank holidays will not
be taken into consideration.
Potential Risk Class (PRC) Please refer to PRC matrix disclosed on the cover page. The PRC
reflects the maximum risks (i.e., interest rate risk and credit risk) that
the Scheme can take. Positioning of an ETF/ Index Fund in the Potential
Risk Class (PRC) matrix shall be in the same cell as that of positioning
of the index in the PRC matrix. However, movement to a lower risk cell
in the PRC matrix shall be permitted on account of investment into
higher rated securities and exposure to cash within the permitted
range of portfolio replication norms.
Page 40 of 54
III. OTHER DETAILS
A. Periodic Disclosures such as Half yearly disclosures, half yearly results, annual report Monthly / Half
yearly Portfolio Disclosures:
Portfolio disclosures
The AMC shall disclose portfolio (along with ISIN) of the Scheme on a fortnightly basis within 5 days from
end of every fortnight and as on the last day of the month / half year within 10 days from the close of
each month / half year on the websites of the AMC (www.angelonemf.com) and AMFI
(www.amfiindia.com) in a user-friendly and downloadable spreadsheet format. In case of unitholders
whose email addresses are registered with the Fund, the portfolios disclosed as above shall be sent to the
unitholders via email. The unitholders whose e-mail address are not registered with the Fund are
requested to update / provide their email address to the Fund for updating the database. An
advertisement shall be published in the all India edition of at least two daily newspapers, one each in
English and Hindi, disclosing the hosting of the Scheme’s half yearly portfolio on the websites of AMC and
AMFI and the modes through which a Unit holder can submit a request for a physical or electronic copy
of the statement of the Scheme’s portfolio.
Investors may place a specific request to the Mutual Fund for sending the half yearly Scheme portfolio
through e-mail. The AMC shall provide a physical copy of the statement of its Scheme’s portfolio, without
charging any cost, on specific request received from a Unit holder.
Half Yearly Financial Results
The AMC shall within one month from the close of each half year, that is on 31st March and on 30th
September, host a soft copy of its unaudited financial results on its website (www.angelonemf.com) and
on AMFI’s website (www.amfiindia.com) and shall publish an advertisement disclosing the hosting of such
financial results on the websites, in at least one English daily newspaper having nationwide circulation
and in a newspaper having wide circulation published in the language of the region where the Head Office
of the Mutual Fund is situated.
Annual Report
The scheme wise Annual Report or an abridged summary thereof shall be mailed to all unitholders within
four months from the date of closure of the relevant account’s year i.e. 31st March each year, whose e-
mail address is registered with the Fund. The physical copies of the scheme wise Annual Report will be
sent to those unitholders who have opted-in to receive physical copies, and the same will also be made
available to the unitholders at the registered office of the AMC.
An advertisement shall also be published in all India edition of at least two daily newspapers, one each in
English and Hindi, disclosing the hosting of the scheme wise annual report on the websites of the AMC
and AMFI and the modes such as SMS, telephone, email or written request (letter), etc. through which
Unit holders can submit a request for a physical or electronic copy of the scheme wise annual report or
abridged summary thereof.
The physical copy of the scheme wise annual report or abridged summary shall be made available to the
Investors at the registered office of the AMC. A link of the Scheme’s annual report shall be displayed
prominently on the website of the Mutual Fund (www.angelonemf.com) and that of AMFI
(www.amfiindia.com).
The AMC shall also provide a physical copy of abridged summary of the annual report, without charging any
Page 41 of 54
cost, on specific request received from the unitholder.
Risk-o-meter
In accordance with paragraph 5.16 of SEBI Master Circular dated June 27, 2024, the AMC shall disclose:
(a) risk-o-meter of the Scheme and benchmark while disclosing the performance of the Scheme vis-à-vis
benchmark and
(b) details of the Scheme portfolio including the Scheme risk-o-meter, name of benchmark and risk-o-
meter of benchmark while communicating the fortnightly, monthly and half-yearly statement of Scheme
portfolio via email.
Risk-o-meter of the Scheme shall be evaluated on a monthly basis and shall be disclosed along with
Scheme portfolio disclosure on the website of the Mutual Fund (www.angelonemf.com) and that of AMFI
(www.amfiindia.com) within 10 days from the close of each month. The AMC shall also disclose the risk
level of its schemes as on March 31 of every year, along with number of times the risk level has changed
over the year, on its website and on AMFI’s website.
Any change in risk-o-meter of the Scheme shall be communicated by way of notice-cum-addendum and
by way of an e-mail or SMS to the unitholders of the Scheme.
Scheme Summary Document
The scheme summary document for all the schemes of the Mutual Fund shall be disclosed on the websites
of the AMC (www.angelonemf.com), AMFI (www.amfiindia.com) and Stock Exchanges, containing details
of the schemes including but not limited to scheme features, Fund Manager details, investment details,
investment objective, expense ratios, portfolio details, etc. in 3 data formats i.e. PDF, spreadsheet and a
machine readable format (either JSON or XML) on a monthly basis or whenever there is change in any of the
specified fields, whichever is earlier, within 5 working days of such change.
Indicative Net Asset Value (iNAV)
iNAV of the Scheme i.e. the per unit NAV based on the current market value of its portfolio during the trading
hours of the Scheme, shall be disclosed on a continuous basis on the Stock Exchange(s), where the units of
the Scheme are listed and traded and shall be updated at least four times a day i.e. opening and closing iNAV
and at least two times during the intervening period with minimum time lag of 90 minutes between the two
disclosures. iNAV will be disclosed only on Business Days.
Tracking Error
The Tracking Error based on past one year rolling data, shall be disclosed on a daily basis, on the websites
of the AMC and AMFI. In case the Scheme has been in existence for a period of less than one year, the
annualized Tracking Error shall be calculated based on available data.
Tracking Difference
Tracking Difference i.e. the annualized difference of daily returns between the index and the NAV of the
Scheme shall be disclosed on the websites of the Mutual Fund and AMFI, on a monthly basis, for tenures 1
year, 3 years, 5 year, 10 year and since the date of allotment of units. This would be applicable after the
Scheme completes one year since inception.
Page 42 of 54
B. Transparency/NAV Disclosure:
NAVs will be determined for every Business Day except in special circumstances. NAVs shall be calculated
upto four decimal places and shall be made available on the websites of AMFI (www.amfiindia.com) and
the Mutual Fund (www.angelonemf.com) by 11.00 p.m. on all Business Days. The NAVs shall also be
available on the Toll Free Number 1800-209-0231 on all Business Days (viz. Monday to Friday between
9.00 a.m. to 6 p.m. and on Saturdays (1st & 3rd) between 9.00 a.m. to 1.00 p.m.) and on the website of the
Registrar and Transfer Agent CAMS (www.camsonline.com).
In case the NAVs are not available before the commencement of Business Hours on the following day due
to any reason, the AMC shall issue a press release giving reasons for the delay and explain when it would
be able to publish the NAVs. Further, the AMC will extend facility of sending latest available NAVs to
unitholders through SMS, upon receiving a specific request in this regard.
C. Transaction charges and stamp duty:
Transaction charges :
No transaction charge shall be deducted from the Subscription amount for transactions / applications
received through the distributors.
Stamp Duty :
Pursuant to the notification no. S.O. 1226(E) and G.S.R. 226(E) dated March 30, 2020 issued by the
Department of Revenue, Ministry of Finance, Government of India, read with Part I of Chapter IV of the
notification dated February 21, 2019 issued by the Legislative Department, Ministry of Law and Justice,
Government of India on the Finance Act, 2019 and Clause 10.1 of SEBI Master Circular dated May 19,
2023, a stamp duty @ 0.005% of the transaction value would be levied on applicable mutual fund
transactions, with effect from July 01, 2020. Accordingly, pursuant to levy of stamp duty, the number of
units allotted on purchase/ switch-in transactions to the unitholders would be reduced to that extent.
Please refer to SAI for further details.
D. Associate Transactions :
Please refer to SAI for further details.
E. Taxation :
For details on taxation please refer to the clause on Taxation in the SAI apart from the following:
Particulars Resident Investors Non-Resident Mutual Fund
Investors
Dividend2 Taxable at normal tax 20%*
rates applicable to
Investor
Page 43 of 54
Particulars Resident Investors Non-Resident Mutual Fund
Investors
Capital Gains: 12.5%* (without 12.5%* (without NIL1
indexation benefit) indexation & foreign
a) Long Term (period exchange fluctuation
of holding: more benefit)
than 24 months)
b) Short Term3 At normal tax rates as At normal tax rates as
(period of holding: may be applicable* may be applicable*
up to 24 months)
* Basic Tax shall be increased by surcharge as per applicable rate and Health & Education Cess at the
rate of 4% on aggregate of basic tax & surcharge.
Notes:
1. As per section 10(23D) of the Income-tax Act,1961, a mutual fund registered with Securities and
Exchange Board of India (SEBI), the entire income of such mutual fund is exempt from income-
tax. Further, such mutual fund will receive all its income without deduction of tax at source as
per provisions of Section 196 of the Act.
2. With effect from April 1, 2020, income distributed by a mutual fund in respect of units of mutual
funds is taxable in the hands of the unitholders at normal tax rates (plus applicable surcharge and
cess).
3. As per section 111A of the Income-tax Act, 1961 as amended by Finance Act 2024 (No.2) short-
term capital gains on transfer of units shall be taxable @20% subject to STT on transfer of such
units.
TDS Applicability:
In case of Resident Investors: TDS is applicable at the rate of 10% on income distributed in excess of
Rs.5,000 by a mutual fund.
In case of Non-Resident Investors: TDS is applicable on any income in respect of units of a Mutual Fund
at lower of 20% (plus applicable surcharge and cess) or rate of income-tax provided in the relevant
Double Taxation Avoidance Agreement (‘DTAA’).
As per the provisions of section 90(2) of the Act, in determining the taxability of a non-resident, the
provisions of the relevant DTAA or the Act, whichever are more beneficial, shall apply. Accordingly, if
the Investor is a resident of country with which India has entered into a DTAA, the provisions of the
DTAA or of the Act, whichever are more beneficial to the Investor, shall apply.
Section 90(4) of the Act, provides that a taxpayer, not being a resident, to whom a DTAA applies, shall
not be entitled to claim any relief under such DTAA unless a certificate of it being a resident in any
country outside India is obtained by it from the Government of that country. Further, section 90(5),
provides that the taxpayer referred to in section 90(4) of the Act, shall also provide such other
documents and information, as may be prescribed.
Section 206AB of the Act provides for higher rate for TDS for the non-filers of income-tax return. The
TDS rate in this section is higher of the following rates:
i) twice the rate specified in the relevant provision of the Act; or
ii) twice the rate or rates in force; or
Page 44 of 54
iii) the rate of five per cent.
However, the said provision does not apply to a non-resident who does not have a permanent
establishment in India and a person who is not required to furnish the return of income for the
assessment year relevant to the said previous year and is notified by the Central Government in the
Official Gazette in this behalf.
Section 206AA of the Act apply in case PAN is not furnished, the tax shall be deducted at higher of
the following rates:
i) rates specified in relevant provisions of the Act; or
ii) rate or rates in force; or
iii) rate of 20%.
The above income-tax/TDS rates are in accordance with the provisions of the Income-tax Act, 1961
as amended by Finance Act 2024. The above rates are based on the assumption that the mutual fund
units are held by the Investors as capital assets and not as stock in trade.
Investors are requested to note that the tax position prevailing at the time of investment may change
in future due to statutory amendment(s). The Mutual Fund will pay/deduct taxes as per the applicable
tax laws on the relevant date considering the provisions of the Act. The above information is provided
for only general information purposes and does not constitute tax or legal advice. In view of the
individual nature of tax benefits, each Investor is advised to consult with his/ her tax consultant with
respect to the specific direct tax implications arising out of their transactions.
F. Rights of Unitholders :
Please refer to SAI for details.
G. List of Official Points of Acceptance:
Please refer to the link (www.angelonemf.com/service-branches)
H. Penalties, pending litigation or proceedings, findings of inspections or investigations for which
action may have been taken or is in the process of being taken by any Regulatory Authority:
Please refer to the link ( www.angelonemf.com/downloads )
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Scheme Information Document, the provisions of the SEBI
(Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996 and the guidelines there under shall be applicable.
The Scheme under this Scheme Information Document was approved by the Directors of the AMC on
September 10, 2024 and December 11, 2024 and by the Directors of the Trustee on September 12, 2024
and December 13, 2024. The Trustee has ensured that Angel One Nifty 1D Rate Liquid ETF - Growth
approved by the Trustee is a new product offered by Angel One Mutual Fund and is not a minor
modification of any existing scheme/fund/product.
Name, address and contact no. of Registrar and Transfer Agent (R&T), email id of R&T, website address
of R&T, Official Points of Acceptance, collecting banker details etc.
R&T
Computer Age Management Services Limited (CAMS) 9th Floor | Tower II | Rayala Towers # 158 | Anna
Salai | Chennai – 600 002. Contact numbers : +91-44-2843 3303 /+91-44-6102 3303 | E-Mail ID:
enq_g@camsonline.com |website: www.camsonline.com
Page 45 of 54
Official point of acceptance of transactions (AMC office) :
G-1, Ground floor, Ackruti Trade Centre, Road no. 7, Kondivita, Andheri (East), Mumbai – 400 093
Official Points of Acceptance of transactions (CAMS offices) :
Please refer to the link (www.angelonemf.com/service-branches). Details of the OPAs are also mentioned
below :
• Nibedita First Floor, J B Road, Palace Compound, Agartala, Near Babuana Tea and Snacks, Tripura
West, Pin - 799001
• No. 8, II Floor Maruti Tower Sanjay Place, Agra, Uttarpradesh - 282002
• 111 - 113, 1 st Floor - Devpath Building Off C G Road Behind Lal Bungalow, Ellis Bridge, Ahmedabad,
Gujarat - 380006
• No. 3. First Floor, Shree Parvati, Plot No. 1 / 175, Opp. Mauli Sabhagruh, Zopadi Canteen, Savedi,
Ahmednagar - 414003
• AMC No. 423 / 30, Near ChurchOpp T B Hospital, Jaipur Road, Ajmer, Rajasthan - 305001
• Opp. RLT Science College Civil Lines, Akola, Maharashtra - 444001
• City Enclave, Opp. Kumar Nursing Home, Ramghat Road, Aligarh, Uttarpradesh - 202001
• 30/2, A & B, Civil Lines Station Besides, Vishal Mega Mart Strachey Road, Allahabad, Uttarpradesh
- 211001
• Doctor's Tower Building, Door No. 14 / 2562, First Floor, North of Iorn Bridge, Near Hotel Arcadia
Regency, Alleppey, Kerala - 688001
• 256A, Scheme No. 1, Arya Nagar, Alwar, Rajasthan - 301001
• 81, Gulsham Tower,2nd Floor,Near Panchsheel Talkies,Amaravati,Maharashtra,444601
• Shop No.4250, Near B D Senior Secondary School, Ambala Cantt, Ambala Haryana – 133001
• B 1, First Floor, Mira Arcade, Library Road, Opp. SBS Bank, Amreli - 365601
• 3rd Floor, Bearing Unit No. 313, Mukut House, Amritsar - 143001
• 101, A.P. Tower, B / H, Sardhar Gunj, Next to Nathwani Chambers, Anand, Gujarat - 388001
• AGVR Arcade, Second Floor, Plot No. 37 (Part), Layout No. 466 / 79, Near Canara Bank, Sangamesh
Nagar, Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh - 515001
• No. 351, Icon, 501, Fifth Floor, Western Express Highway, Andheri East, Mumbai - 400069
• Similipada, Near Sidhi Binayak +2 Science Collage, Angul - 759122
• Shop No. F - 56, First Floor, Omkar Complex, Opp. Old Colony, Near Valia Char Rasta, GIDC,
Ankleshwar, Gujarat - 393002
• Mukherjee Building First Floor, Beside MP Jwellers, Next to Mannapuram, Ward no 5 Link Road,
Arambagh Hooghly, West Bengal 712601
• Old N C C Office, Ground Floor, Club Road, Arrah - 802301
• Block - G, First Floor, P C Chatterjee Market Complex, Rambandhu Talab PO, Ushagram Asansol,
West Bengal - 713303
• 2nd Floor, Block No. D - 21 - D - 22, Motiwala Trade Centre, Nirala Bazar, New Samarth Nagar, Opp.
HDFC Bank, Aurangabad - 431001
• Shop No. 02, First Floor, Shreyas Complex, Near Old Bus Stand, Bagalkot, Karnataka - 587101
• B. C. Sen Road, Balasore, Orissa - 756001
• No. 18 /47 /A, Govind Nilaya, Ward No. 20, Sangankal Moka Road, Gandhinagar, Ballari - 583102
• Trade Centre, 1st Floor, 45, Dikensen Road ( Next to Manipal Centre), Bangalore, Karnataka -
560042
• First Floor, No. 17 / 1, (272) Tweleth Cross Road, Wilson Garden, Bangalore - 560027
• First Floor, Central Bank Building, Machantala, PO Bankura, Dist Bankura, West Bengal - 722101
• N / 39, K. N .C. Road, First Floor, Shrikrishna Apartment (Behind HDFC Bank Barasat Branch), P. O.
Page 46 of 54
and P. S. Barasat, Dist. 24 P. G. S. (North) - 700124
• F - 10, First Wings, Desai Market, Gandhi Road, Bardoli - 394601
• F - 62 - 63, Second Floor, Butler Plaza, Commercial Complex, Civil Lines, Bareilly, Uttarpradesh -
243001
• Apurba Market, Ground Floor, Vill Mirjapur, Opp: Basirhat College, P.O. Basirhat College, Dist. 24
P G S (North), Basirhat - 743412
• C/O. Rajesh Mahadev & Co., Shop No. 3, First Floor, Jamia Complex Station Road, Basti - 272002
• Classic Complex, Block No. 104, First Floor, Saraf Colony, Khanapur Road, Tilakwadi, Belgaum -
590006
• Kalika temple Street, Ground Floor, Beside SBI BAZAR Branch, Berhampur - 760002
• Das & Das Complex, First Floor, By Pass Road, Opposite to Vishal Mega Mart, Chhapulia, Bhadrak,
Odisha - 756100
• Ground Floor, Gurudwara Road, Near Old Vijaya Bank, Bhagalpur - 812001
• B - 12, Shopping Center, Ranjeet Nagar, Bharatpur, Rajasthan - 321001
• A - 111, First Floor, R K Casta, Behind Patel Super Market, Station Road, Bharuch - 392001
• 2907 GH, GT Road, Near Zila Parishad, Bhatinda, Punjab - 151001
• 501 – 503, Bhayani Skyline, Behind Joggers Park, Atabhai Road, Bhavnagar – 364001
• First Floor, Plot No.3, Block No.1, Priyadarshini Pariswar west, Behind IDBI Bank, Nehru Nagar,
Bhilai - 490020
• C/o. Kodwani Associtates, Shope No. 211 - 213 2nd floor, Indra Prasth Tower syam Ki Sabji Mandi,
Near Mukerjee Garden, Bhilwara, Rajasthan - 311001
• Plot no 10, 2nd Floor, Alankar Complex, Near ICICI Bank, MP Nagar, Zone II, Bhopal, Madhya
Pradesh - 462011
• Plot No. 501 / 1741 / 1846, Office No. 203 (2nd Floor), Centre Point, Sriya Talkies Road, Kharvel
Nagar, Unit-3, Bhubaneswar, Odisha - 751001
• Tirthkala First Floor, Opp BMCB Bank, New Station Road, Bhuj _kachchh. 370001
• 3, Adelade Apartment, Christain Mohala, Behind Gulshan - E - Iran Hotel, Amardeep Talkies Road,
Bhusawal, Maharashtra - 425201
• R - C Palace, Amber Station Road, Opp Mamta Cpmplex, Biharsharif - 803101
• Padmasagar Complex, First Floor, 2nd Gate, Ameer Talkies Road, Vijayapur (Bijapur) – 586101
• Behind Rajasthan Patrika In front of vijaya bank, 1404, amar singh pura Bikaner - 334001
• Shop No. B - 104, First Floor, Narayan Plaza, Link Road, Bilaspur (C. G) - 495001
• No. 107 / 1, A C Road, Ground Floor, Bohorompur, Murshidabad, West Bengal - 742103
• 1st Floor, Plot No. HE-7 City Centre, Sector 4, Bokaro Steel City, Bokaro, Jharkhand - 827004
• Bhubandanga, Opposite. Shiv Shambhu Rice Mill, First Floor, Bolpur, West Bengal - 731204
• G. N. B. Road, Bye Lane, Prakash Cinema, P.O. & Dist. Bongaigaon, Assam - 783380
• 501 – TIARA, CTS 617, 617 / 1 - 4, Off Chandavarkar Lane, Maharashtra Nagar, Borivali – West,
Mumbai – 400092
• 399, G T Road, Basement, Building Name - Talk of the Town, Burdwan, West Bengal - 713101
• 29 / 97G, 2nd Floor, S A Arcade, Mavoor Road, Arayidathupalam, Calicut, Kerala - 673016
• A. T., Gram - Gutusahi, Under The Nimdih, Panchayat, P.O. Chaibasa, Thana. Muffasil, Dist - West
Singhbhum, Jharkhand - 833201
• Deepak Tower, SCO 154 - 155, 1st Floor - Sector 17 - Chandigarh, Punjab - 160017
• Opp Mustafa decor, Behind Bangalore, Bakery Kasturba Road, Chandrapur, Maharashtra - 442402
• New No. 10 (Old No. 178) M.G.R. Salai, Nungambakkam, Chennai – 600 034.
• No. 158, Rayala Tower - 1, Anna Salai, Chennai - 600002
• Second Floor, Parasia Road, Near Surya Lodge, Sood Complex, Above Nagpur CT Scan, Chhindwara,
Madhya Pradesh - 480001
• Shop No. 7, A V C Arcade, 3, South Car Street - 608001
• 3, Ashok Nagar, Near Heera Vatika, Chittorgarh, Rajasthan - 312001
Page 47 of 54
• Building Name Modayil, Door No. 39 / 2638, DJ, 2nd Floor, 2A, M.G. Road, Cochin - 682016
• No. 1334, Thadagam Road, Thirumurthy Layout, R.S. Puram, Behind Venketeswara Bakery,
Coimbatore - 641002
• Nipendra Narayan Road (N. N. Road), Opposite Udichi Market Near - Banik Decorators PO & Dist ,
Cooch Behar, West Bengal - 736101
• Near Indian Overseas Bank, Cantonment Road, Mata Math, Cuttack, Orissa - 753001
• Ground Floor , Belbhadrapur, Near Sahara Office, Laheriasarai Tower Chowk, Laheriasarai,
Darbhanga - 846001
• 13, First Floor, Akkamahadevi Samaj Complex, Church Road, P. J. Extension, Davangere, Karnataka
- 577002
• 204 / 121, Nari Shilp Mandir Marg, First Floor, Old Connaught Place, Chakrata Road, Dehradun,
Uttarakhand, 248001
• S S M Jalan Road, Ground floor, Opp. Hotel Ashoke, Caster Town, Deoghar, Jharkhand - 814112
• 11 Ram Nagar, First Floor, A. B. Road, Near Indian - Allahabad Bank, Dewas - 455001
• Urmila Towers, Room No. 111 First Floor, Bank More, Dhanbad, Jharkhand - 826001
• 16 A / 63 A, Pidamaneri Road, Near Indoor Stadium, Dharmapuri, Tamilnadu - 636701
• 1793/ A , J B Road, Near Tower Garden, Dhule - 424001
• Amba Complex, Ground Floor, H S Road, Dibrugarh - 786001
• H / No. - 2 / 2, S K K Building, OPP SUB - Urban Police Station, Dr. Hokishe Sema Road, Signal Point,
Dimapur - 797112
• Plot No.3601, Nazrul Sarani, City Centre, Durgapur - 713216
• No. 22 b - 3 - 9, Karl Marx Street, Powerpet, Eluru, Andhra Pradesh - 534002
• 197, Seshaiyer Complex, Agraharam Street, Erode, Tamilnadu - 638001
• 9/1/51, Rishi Tola Fatehganj, Ayodhya, Faizabad, Uttar Pradesh–224001
• LG3, SCO 12 Sector 16, Behind Canara Bank, Faridabad – 121002
• First Floor, Adjacent to Saraswati Shishu Mandir School, Gaushala, Near UPPCL Sub Station (Gandhi
Park), Company Bagh Chauraha, Firozabad - 283203
• No. 507, 5Th Floor, Shree Ugati Corporate Park, Opp Pratik Mall, Near HDFC Bank, Kudasan,
Gandhinagar - 382421
• Shyam Sadan, First Floor, Plot No. 120, Sector 1 / A, Gandhidham - 370201
• House No. GTK / 006 / D / 20(3) (Near Janata Bhawan), D. P. H. Road, Gangtok, Sikkim - 737101
• C/o. Sri Vishwanath Kunj, Ground Floor, Tilha Mahavir Asthan, Gaya - 823001
• Platinum Mall, Office No. 307, Third Floor, Jawahar Road, Ghatkopar East, Mumbai - 400077
• 1st Floor, C - 10, RDC Rajnagar, Opp Kacheri, Gate No. 2, Ghaziabad - 201002
• Office No. 103, 1st Floor, Unitech City Centre, M.G. Road, Panaji Goa, Goa - 403001
• First Floor, Prem Praksh Tower B / H, B. N. Chambers Ankleshwar, Mahadev Road, Godhra, Gujarat
- 389001
• A / 177, Kailash Complex, Opp. Khedut Decor Gondal, Gujarat, 360311
• Shop No. 5 & 6, Third Floor, Cross Road, The mall, A D Tiraha, Bank Road, Gorakhpur -273001
• Pal Complex, First Floor, Opp. City Bus Stop, Super Market, Gulbarga, Karnataka - 585101
• Door No. 31 - 13 - 1158, First Floor, 13 / 1, Arundelpet, Ward No. 6, Guntur - 522002
• Unit No. - 115, First Floor Vipul Agora Building, Sector - 28, Near Sahara Mall, Mehrauli, Gurgaon
Road, Chakkarpur, Gurgaon - 122001
• Piyali Phukan Road, K. C. Path, House No. 1, Rehabari, Guwahati - 781008
• G - 6, Global Apartment, Kailash Vihar Colony, Opp. Income Tax Office, City Centre, Gwalior,
Madhya Pradesh - 474002
• Mouza - Basudevpur, J. L. No. 126, Haldia Municipality, Ward No. 10, Durgachak, Haldia - 721602
• Durga City Centre, Nainital Road, Haldwani, Uttarakhand - 263139
• F - 3, Hotel Shaurya, New Model Colony, Haridwar, Uttarkhand - 249408
• PANKAJA', Second Floor, Near Hotel Palika, Race Course Road, Hassan - 573201
Page 48 of 54
• Municipal Market, Annanda Chowk, Hazaribag, Jharkhand - 825301
• Unit No. 326, Third Floor, One World - 1, Block - A, Himmatnagar - 383001
• No - 12, Opp. HDFC Bank, Red Square Market, Hisar, Haryana - 125001
• Near Archies Gallery, Shimla Pahari Chowk, Hoshiarpur, Punjab - 146001
• Survey No. 25 / 204, Attibele Road, HCF Post, Mathigiri, Above Time Kids School, Oppsite To Kuttys
Frozen Foods, Hosur - 635110
• No. 204 - 205, First Floor, B - Block, Kundagol Complex, Opp. Court, Club Road, Hubli, Karnataka-
580029
• 101, Shalimar Corporate Centre, 8 - B, South Tukogunj, Opp.Greenpark, Indore, MadhyaPradesh -
452001
• 8, Ground Floor, Datt Towers, Behind Commercial Automobiles, Napier Town, Jabalpur, Madhya
Pradesh - 482001
• R-7, Yudhisthir Marg C - Scheme, Behind Ashok Nagar Police Station, Jaipur, Rajasthan - 302001
• 144, Vijay Nagar, Near Capital Small Finance Bank, Football Chowk, Jalandhar City, Punjab -144001
• Rustomji Infotech Services 70, Navipeth, Opp. Old Bus Stand, Jalgaon, Maharashtra - 425001
• Shop No. 6, Ground Floor, Anand Plaza Complex, Bharat Nagar, Shivaji Putla Road, Jalna,
Maharashtra - 431203
• Babu Para, Beside Meenaar Apartment ,Ward No. VIII, Kotwali Police Station, Jalpaiguri, West
Bengal - 735101
• JRDS Heights, Sector 14, Nanak Nagar, Near Peaks Auto Showroom, Jammu Jammu & Kashmir -
180004
• 207, Manek Centre, P N Marg, Jamnagar, Gujarat - 361001
• Tee Kay Corporate Towers, 3rd Floor, S B Shop Area, Main Road, Bistupur, Jamshedpur-831001
• Office Number 112, First Floor, Mahatta Tower, B Block Community Centre, Janakpuri, New Delhi
-110058
• 248, Fort Road Near Amber Hotel, Jaunpur Uttarpradesh - 222001
• No. 372 / 18D, First Floor, Above IDBI Bank, Beside V - Mart, Near RAKSHAN, Gwalior Road, Jhansi
- 284001
• 1/5, Nirmal Tower, 1st Chopasani Road, Jodhpur, Rajasthan - 342003
• SINGH BUILDING, GROUND FLOOR, C/O-PRABHDEEP SINGH, PUNJABI GALI, OPP V-MART, GAR ALI,
PO & PS-JORHAT, JORHAT-785001
• "Aastha Plus", 202 - A, Second Floor, Sardarbag Road, Nr. Alkapuri, Opp. Zansi Rani Statue,
Junagadh, Gujarat - 362001
• D No 3/2151/2152, Shop No 4, Near Food Nation, Raja Reddy Street, Kadapa – 516001, Andhra
Pradesh
• D. No. 25 - 4 - 29, First Floor, Kommireddy vari street, Beside Warf Road, Opp swathi medicals,
Kakinada - 533001
• Office No. 413, 414, 415, Fourth Floor, Seasons Business Centre, Opp. KDMC (Kalyan Dombivli
Municipal Corporation), Shivaji Chowk, Kalyan (W) – 421301
• A – 1 / 50, Block A, Kalyani - Nadia Dt, PIN - 741235
• Collage Road, Kangra, Dist. Kangra - 176001
• Room No. PP. 14 / 435, Casa Marina Shopping Centre, Talap, Kannur, Kerala - 670004
• First Floor 106 - 108 City Centre, Phase II, 63/ 2, The Mall, Kanpur, Uttarpradesh - 208001
• H. No. 7 - 1 - 257, Upstairs S B H mangammathota, Karimnagar, Telangana - 505001
• No. 29, Avtar Colony, Behind vishal mega mart, Karnal - 132001
• 126 G, V. P. Towers, Kovai Road, Basement of Axis BankKarur, Tamilnadu - 639002
• KMC XXV / 88, I, Second Floor, Stylo Complex, Above Canara Bank, Bank Road, Kasaragod - 671121
• Dev Bazar, Bazpur Road, Kashipur - 244713
• C/o. Rice Education and IT Centre, Near Wireless Gali, Amla Tola, Katihar - 854105
• First Floor, Gurunanak dharmakanta, Jabalpur Road, Bargawan, Katni, Madhya Pradesh - 483501
Page 49 of 54
• Shop No. 11 - 2 - 31 / 3, First Floor, Philips Complex, Balajinagar, Wyra Road, Near Baburao Petrol
Bunk, Khammam, Telangana - 507001
• "Silver Palace" OT Road, Inda - Kharagpur, G - P - Barakola, P.S. Kharagpur Local, Dist West
Midnapore - 721305
• 2 B, 3rd Floor, Ayodhya Towers, Station Road, Kolhapur, Maharashtra - 416001
• 2/1, Russell Street, 2nd Floor, Kankaria Centre, Kolkata - 700071
• 3 / 1, R. N. Mukherjee Road, Third Floor, Office space - 3 C, “Shreeram Chambers”, Kolkata - 700001
• Uthram Chanmbers (Ground Floor), Thamarakulam, Kollam - 691006
• Kh. No. 183 / 2 G, Opposite Hotel Blue Diamond, T. P. Nagar, Korba - 495677
• B-33, Kalyan Bhawan, Near Triangle Park, Vallabh Nagar, Kota, Rajasthan - 324007
• 1307 B, Puthenparambil Building, KSACS Road, Opp. ESIC Office, Behind Malayala Manorama
Muttambalam - P O, Kottayam - 686501
• R. N. Tagore Road, In front of Kotawali, P. S. Krishnanagar Nadia - 741101
• No. 15 - 31 - 2 M - 1 / 4, First Floor, 14 - A, MIG, KPHB Colony, Kukatpally, Hyderabad - 500072
• No. 28 / 8, First Floor, Balakrishna Colony, Pachaiappa Street, Near VPV Lodge, Kumbakonam –
612001
• Shop No. 26 and 27, Door No. 39 / 265 A and 39 / 265 B, Second Floor, Skanda Shopping Mall, Old
Chad Talkies, Vaddageri, 39th Ward, Kurnool - 518001
• Office No. 107, First Floor, Vaisali Arcade Building, Plot No 11, 6 Park Road, Lucknow - 226001
• U/ GF, Prince Market, Green Field, Near Traffic Lights, Sarabha Nagar Pulli, Pakhowal Road,
Ludhiana, Punjab - 141002
• Shop No. 3, 2nd Floor Surya Towers, No. 272/273, Goodshed Street, Madurai - 625001
• H. No. 14-3-178/1B/A/1, Near Hanuman Temple, Balaji Nagar, Boothpur Road, Mahabubnagar -
509001, Telangana State.
• Kadakkadan Complex, Opp central school, Malappuram - 676505
• Daxhinapan Abasan, Opp Lane of Hotel Kalinga, SM Pally, Malda, West bengal - 732101
• "3 - 407 / 40 - 4, Basement Floor, Royal Enfield Show Room Building, Bellampally Road,
• Mancherial, Telangana State – 504302"
• No. 328 / 12, Ram Nagar, First Floor, Above Ram Traders, Mandi - 175001
• Opp. Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur, Harchand Mill Road, Motia Khan, Mandi Gobindgarh, Punjab -
147301
• 14-6-674/15(1), SHOP NO -UG11-2, MAXIMUS COMPLEX, LIGHT HOUSE HILL ROAD, MANGALORE
– 575001, KARNATAKA
• Shop No. A2, Basement Floor, Academy Tower, Opposite Corporation Bank, Manipal, Karnataka -
576104
• Office No. 503, Buildmore Business Park,New Canca By pass Road, Ximer, Mapusa Goa - 403507
• F4 - Classic Heritage, Near Axis Bank, Opp. BPS Club, Pajifond, Margao, Goa - 403601
• 159 / 160 Vikas Bazar Mathura Uttarpradesh - 281001
• 108, First Floor, Shivam Plaza, Opp. Eves Cinema, Hapur Road, Meerut, Uttarpradesh - 250002
• First Floor, Subhadra Complex Urban Bank Road, Mehsana, Gujarat, 384002
• Ground Floor, Canara Bank Building , Dhundhi Katra, Mirzapur Uttarpradesh - 231001
• Street No 8-9 Center, Aarya Samaj Road, Near Ice Factory. Moga -142 001
• H 21 - 22, First Floor, Ram Ganga Vihar Shopping Complex, Opposite Sale Tax Office, Moradabad -
244001
• 30, Rajabahadur Compound, Opp. Indian Bank, Mumbai Samachar Marg, Fort, Mumbai,
Maharashtra – 400023
• No. 235, Patel Nagar, Near Ramlila Ground, New Mandi, Muzaffarnagar - 251001
• Brahman Toli, Durgasthan Gola Road, Muzaffarpur, Bihar - 842001
• No. 1, First Floor, CH. 26 7th Main, 5th Cross (Above Trishakthi Medicals), Saraswati Puram,
Mysore, Karnataka, - 570009
Page 50 of 54
• F 142, First Floor, Ghantakarna Complex Gunj Bazar, Nadiad, Gujarat - 387001
• Amulapatty, V. B. Road, House No. 315, Nagaon, Assam - 782003
• Fourth Floor, Kalluveettil Shyras Center, 47, Court Road, Nagercoil, Tamilnadu - 629001
• 145, Lendra, New Ramdaspeth, Nagpur, Maharashtra - 440010
• No. - 6 - 4 - 80, First Floor, Above Allahabad Bank, Opp. Police Auditorium, V. T. Road, Nalgonda -
508001
• 156A / 1, First Floor, Lakshmi Vilas Building, Opp. To District Registrar Office, Trichy Road,
Namakkal, Tamilnadu - 637001
• Shop No. 8, 9, Cellar "Raj Mohammed Complex", Main Road, Shri Nagar, Nanded - 431605
• First Floor, "Shraddha Niketan", Tilak Wadi, Opp Hotel City Pride, Sharanpur Road, Nasik - 422002
• 214 - 215, Second Floor, Shivani Park, Opp. Shankheswar Complex, Kaliawadi, Navsari, Gujarat –
396445
• Shop No. 2, 1st Floor, NSR Complex, James Garden, Near Flower Market, Nellore - 524001
• CAMS Service Center, 401 to 404, 4th Floor, Kanchan Junga Building, Barakhamba Road, New Delhi
- 110001
• 5 - 6 - 208, Saraswathi nagar, Opposite Dr.Bharathi rani nursing home, Nizamabad, Andhra Pradesh
- 503001
• Commercial Shop No. GF 10 & GF 38, Ground Floor, Ansal Fortune Arcade, Plot No. K - 82, Sector -
18, Noida – 201301
• Shop. No. 1128, First Floor, 3rd Line, Sri Bapuji Market Complex, Ongole - 523001
• Door No. 18 / 507 (3), Anugraha, Garden Street, College Road, Palakkad, Kerala - 678001
• Gopal Trade center, Shop No. 13 - 14, Third Floor, Nr. BK Mercantile bank, Opp. Old Gunj, Palanpur
- 385001
• SCO 83 - 84, First Floor, Devi Lal Shopping Complex, Opp RBL Bank, G.T.Road , Panipat, Haryana -
132103
• 13 - A, First Floor, Gurjeet Market, Dhangu Road, Pathankot, Punjab - 145001
• No. 35 New Lal Bagh, Opp. Polo Ground, Patiala - 147001
• 301B, Third Floor, Patna One Plaza, Near Dak bunglow Chowk, Patna 800001
• Shop No. 2, Model Town, Near Joshi Driving School, Phagwara - 144401.
• Number G - 8, Ground Floor, Plot No. C - 9, Pearls Best Height - II, Netaji Subhash Place, Pitampura,
New Delhi – 110034
• S - 8, 100, Jawaharlal Nehru Street (New Complex, Opp. Indian Coffee House), Pondicherry - 605001
• C-101/2, 1st floor, near cottage industries, middle point (phoenix Bay), Port Blair, South Andaman,
Pin: 744101.
• Opp Dutta Traders, Near Durga Mandir, Balipur Pratapgarh, Uttarpradesh - 230001
• Vartak Pride, 1st Floor, Survey No. 46, City Survey, No. 1477, Hingne budruk, D.P.Road, Behind
Dinanath mangeshkar Hospital, Karvenagar, Pune - 411052
• C/C. Muneshwar Prasad, Sibaji Colony, SBI Main Branch Road, Near - Mobile Tower, Purnea -
854301
• "Anand Plaza, Shop No. 06, Second Floor, Sarbananda Sarkar Street
• Munsifdanga, Purulia, West Bengal - 723101"
• 17, Anand Nagar Complex, Opposite Moti Lal Nehru Stadium, SAI Hostel Jail Road, Rae Bareilly,
Uttar pradesh - 229001
• Rabindra Pally, Beside of Gitanjali Cenema Hall, P O & P S Raiganj, Dist North Dijajpur, Raiganj, West
Bengal - 733134
• "First Floor, MIG - 25, Blessed Villa, Lochan Nagar, Raigarh, Chhattisgarh - 496001"
• HIG, C - 23 Sector - 1, Devendra Nagar, Raipur, Chattisgarh - 492004
• Door No. 6 - 2 - 12, First Floor, Rajeswari Nilayam, Near Vamsikrishna Hospital, Nyapathi Vari Street,
T. Nagar, Rajahmundry, Andhra Pradesh - 533101
• No. 59 A / 1, Railway Feeder Road, (Near Railway Station), Rajapalayam, Tamilnadu - 626117
Page 51 of 54
• Office 207 - 210, Everest Building, Harihar Chowk, Opp Shastri Maidan, Limda Chowk, Rajkot,
Gujarat - 360001
• 4, HB Road No. 206, Second Floor, Shri Lok Complex, H B Road, Near Firayalal, Ranchi, Jharkhand -
834001
• Dafria & Co., No. 18, Ram Bagh, Near Scholar's School, Ratlam, Madhya Pradesh - 457001
• Orchid Tower, Ground Floor, Gala No. 06, S. V. No. 301 / Paiki, 1 / 2, Nachane Municiple Aat, Arogya
Mandir, Nachane Link Road, At, Post, Tal. Ratnagiri Dist. Ratnagiri - 415612
• SCO 06, Ground Floor, MR Complex, Near Sonipat Stand Delhi Road, Rohtak - 124001
• 22, Civil Lines, Ground Floor, Hotel Krish Residency, Roorkee, Uttara khand - 247667
• Second Floor, J B S Market Complex, Udit Nagar, Rourkela - 769012
• Opp. Somani Automobile, S Bhagwanganj Sagar, Madhya Pradesh - 470002
• First Floor, Krishna Complex, Opp. Hathi Gate Court Road, Saharanpur, Uttarpradesh - 247001
• No. 2, First Floor, Vivekananda Street, New Fairlands, Salem, Tamilnadu - 636016
• C/o. Raj Tibrewal & Associates, Opp. Town High School, Sansarak Sambalpur, Orissa - 768001
• Jiveshwar Krupa Bldg. Shop. No. 2, Ground Floor, Tilak Chowk Harbhat Road, Sangli, Maharashtra
- 416416
• 117 / A / 3 / 22, Shukrawar Peth, Sargam Apartment, Satara, Maharashtra - 415002
• First Floor, Shri Ram Market, Beside Hotel Pankaj, Satna - 485001
• 208, II Floor Jade Arcade Paradise Circle, Hyderabad, Telangana 500 003.
• 47 / 5 / 1, Raja Rammohan Roy Sarani, PO. Mallickpara, Dist. Hoogly, Seerampur, West Bengal -
712203
• Bijlipura, Near Old Distt Hospital, Jail Road ,Shahjahanpur Uttarpradesh - 242001
• Third Floor, R P G Complex, Keating Road, Shillong, Meghalaya - 793001
• First Floor, Opp. Panchayat Bhawan Main gate, Bus stand, Shimla, Himachal Pradesh - 171001
• No. 65, First Floor, Kishnappa Compound, 1st Cross, Hosmane Extn, Shimoga, Karnataka - 577201
• C/o. Gopal Sharma & Company, Third Floor Sukhshine Complex, Near Geetanjali Book depot,
Tapadia Bagichi, Sikar, Rajasthan - 332001
• House No. 18 B, First Floor, C/O LT, Satyabrata Purkayastha, Opp To Shiv Mandir, Landmark - Sanjay
Karate Building, Near Iskon Mandir, Ambicabathy, Silchar - 788004
• No.78, Haren Mukherjee Road, First Floor, Beside SBI Hakimpara, Siliguri - 734001
• Ground Floor of CA Deepak Gupta, M G Complex, Bhawna Marg, Beside Over Bridge, Bansal
Cinerma Market, Sirsa Haryana - 125055
• Arya Nagar, Near Arya Kanya School, Sitapur, Uttarpradesh - 261001
• First Floor, Above Sharma General Store, Near Sanki Rest house, The Mall, Solan, Himachal Pradesh
- 173212
• Flat No 109, First Floor, A Wing, Kalyani Tower126 Siddheshwar Peth, Near Pangal High School,
Solapur, Maharashtra - 413001
• S C O - 12, First Floor, Pawan Plaza, Atlas Road, Subhas Chowk, Sonepat - 131001
• 18 L Block, Sri Ganganagar, Rajasthan - 335001
• Door No 10-5-65, 1st Floor, Dhanwanthri Complex, Kalinga Road, Opp Chandramouli Departmental
Store, Near Seven roads Junction, Srikakulam – 532 001
• Near New Era Public School, Rajbagh, Srinagar, Jammu & Kashmir - 190 008
• 967, Civil Lines, Near Pant Stadium, Sultanpur, Uttarpradesh - 228001
• Shop No. G-5, International Commerce Center, Nr. Kadiwala School, Majura Gate, Ring Road, Surat
- 395002
• Shop No. 12, M. D. Residency, Swastik Cross Road, Surendranagar - 363001
• Police Line, Ramakrishnapally, Near Suri Bus Stand, Suri West Bengal - 731101
• Third Floor, B R Complex, No. 66, Door No. 11 A, Ramakrishna Iyer Street, Opp. National Cinema
Theatre, West Tambaram, Chennai - 600045
• Holding No. - 58, First Floor, Padumbasan Ward No. 10, Tamluk Maniktala More, Beside HDFC Bank,
Page 52 of 54
Tamluk, Purba Medinipur, Tamluk, West Bengal - 721636
• Kanak Tower - First Floor Opp. IDBI Bank / ICICI Bank C.K. Das Road, Tezpur Sonitpur, Assam -
784001
• Dev Corpora, A Wing, 3rd floor, Office no.301, Cadbury Junction, Eastern Express way, Thane
(West) - 400 601
• Bangiya Vidyalaya Road, Near Old post office, Durgabari, Tinsukia, Assam - 786.125
• No. F4, Magnam Suraksaa Apatments, Tiruvananthapuram Road, Tirunelveli - 627002
• Shop No. 6, Door No. 19 - 10 - 8, (Opp to Passport Office), AIR Bypass Road, Tirupati, AndhraPradesh
- 517501
• 1 (1), Binny Compound, Second Street, Kumaran Road, Tirupur, Tamilnadu - 641601
• First Floor, Room No. 61 (63), International shopping Mall, Opp. ST Thomas Evangelical Church,
Above Thomsan Bakery, Manjady, Thiruvalla - 689105
• Room No. 26 & 27, Dee Pee Plaza, Kokkalai, Trichur, Kerala - 680001
• No 8, First Floor, 8th Cross West Extn, Thillainagar, Trichy, Tamilnadu - 620018
• TC NO: 22/902, 1st - Floor "BLOSSOM" BLDG, OPP.NSS KARAYOGAM, SASTHAMANGALAM VILLAGE
P.O, Thiruvananthapuram Trivandrum-695010. Kerala
• PID. No. 88268, Second Floor, Second Cross, M. G. Road, Tumkur, Karnataka - 572101
• 4 B / A 16, Mangal Mall Complex, Ground Floor, Mani Nagar, Tuticorin, Tamilnadu - 628003
• No.32, Ahinsapuri, Fatehpura Circle, Udaipur - 313001
• Guru nanak institute, NH - 1 A, Udhampur, J & K - 182101
• Adjacent to our existing Office at 109, First Floor, Siddhi Vinayak Trade Center, Shahid Park, Ujjain
- 456010
• 103, Aries Complex, Bpc Road, Off R.C. Dutt Road, Alkapuri, Vadodara, Gujarat - 390007
• 3rd floor, Gita Nivas, Opp Head Post Office, Halar Cross Lane Valsad, Gujarat - 396001
• 208, Second Floor, HEENA ARCADE, Opp. Tirupati Tower, Near G.I.D.C. Char Rasta, Vapi, Gujarat -
396195
• Office No. 1, Second Floor, Bhawani Market, Building No. D - 58 / 2 - A1, Rathyatra Beside Kuber
Complex, Varanasi, Uttarpradesh - 221010
• No. DU 8, Upper Ground Floor, Behind Techoclean Clinic, Suvidha Complex Near ICICI Bank, Vasco,
Goa - 403802
• BSEL Tech Park, B - 505, Plot No. 39 / 5 & 39 / 5 A, Sector 30A, Opp.Vashi Railway Stationm Vashi,
Navi Mumbai - 400705
• Door No. 86, BA Complex, 1st Floor Shop No 3, Anna Salai (Officer Line), Tollgate, Vellore - 632 001
• 40 - 1 - 68, Rao & Ratnam Complex, Near Chennupati Petrol Pump, M.G. Road, Labbipet,
Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh - 520010
• Door. No. 4 - 8 - 73, Beside Sub Post Office, Kothagraharam, Vizianagaram, Andhra Pradesh -
535001
• Flat No. GF2, D. No. 47 - 3 - 2 / 2, Vigneswara Plaza, 5th Lane, Dwarakanagar, Visakhapatnam,
Andhra Pradesh - 530016
• H. No. 2 - 4 - 641, F - 7, First Floor, A. B. K Mall, Old Bus Depot Road, Ramnagar, Hanamkonda,
Warangal, Telangana - 506001
• Opp. Raman Cycle Industries, Krishna Nagar, Wardha, Maharashtra - 442001
• Second Floor, AFFAS Building, Kalpetta, Wayanad - 673121
• 124 - B / R, Model Town Yamunanagar, Yamuna Nagar, Haryana - 135001
• Pushpam, Tilakwadi, Opp. Dr. Shrotri Hospital, Yavatmal, Maharashtra, 445001
All the authorised MFUI POS designated by MFUI from time to time shall be the Official Points of
Acceptance of Transactions. In addition to the same, Investors can also submit the transactions
electronically on the online transaction portal of MFUI (www.mfuonline.com). To know more about MFU
and the list of authorised MFUI POS, please visit the MFUI website (www.mfuindia.com).
Page 53 of 54
Website / Electronic modes – Angel One AMC shall accept transactions through its website
(www.angelonemf.com). Transactions shall also be accepted through other electronic means including
through secured internet sites operated by CAMS with specified channel partners (i.e. distributors) with
whom AMC has entered into specific arrangements. The servers of Angel One AMC and CAMS, where
such transactions shall be sent shall be the official point of acceptance for all such online / electronic
transaction facilities offered by the AMC.
NSE MFSS / BSE STAR / ICEX - Eligible Brokers/Clearing Members/Depository Participants / Distributors
will be considered as the Official Point of Acceptance for the transactions through NSE MFSS, BSE STAR
and ICEX platforms.
MFCentral as Official Point of Acceptance:
For enhancing Investors’ experience in Mutual Fund transactions / service requests, the Qualified RTAs
(QRTA’s), Kfin Technologies Private Limited (Kfintech) and Computer Age Management Services Limited
(CAMS) have jointly developed MFCentral - A digital platform for Mutual Fund Investors. MFCentral is
created with an intent to be a one stop portal / mobile app for all Mutual fund investments and service-
related needs that significantly reduces the need for submission of physical documents by enabling
various digital / phygital services to Mutual fund Investors across fund houses subject to applicable Terms
& Conditions of the Platform. MFCentral may be accessed using https://mfcentral.com/
Any registered user of MFCentral, requiring submission of physical document as per the requirements of
MFCentral, may do so at any of the designated Investor Service Centres or collection centres of Kfintech
or CAMS.
**************************************************************************************
Page 54 of 54

